but the waitstaff was so horrible to us.	12
to be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora.	5
to be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora.	18
the food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.	5
where gabriela personally greets you and recommends you what to eat.	14
for those that go once and don't enjoy it, all i can say is that they just don't get it.	20
not only was the food outstanding, but the little perks were great.	5
not only was the food outstanding, but the little perks were great.	14
it is very overpriced and not very tasty.	3
it is very overpriced and not very tasty.	15
our agreed favorite is the orecchiette with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).	5
our agreed favorite is the orecchiette with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).	14
the bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture, both chewy yet not gummy.	5
nevertheless the food itself is pretty good.	5
they did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.	3
it took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk!	13
the design and atmosphere is just as good.	11
he has visited thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine.	5
i would definitely recommend mary's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts.	20
the pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza.	5
my girlfriend and i stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time!	20
he can't help, they're bought up so fast.	19
secondly, on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume.	9
i have eaten here a handful of times, for no reason besides sheer convenience.	19
obviously run by folks who know a pie.	14
we were very disappointed.	18
it is definitely special and affordable.	20
it is definitely special and affordable.	17
i really liked this place.	20
i will be going back very soon.	20
all the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.	11
all the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.	3
the seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.	9
i asked for seltzer with lime, no ice.	4
it was pretty inexpensive too.	17
will not be back.	18
don't go alone. even two people isn't enough for the whole experience, with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods.	5
my suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.	4
best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.	14
best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.	11
this isn't a value joint.	15
faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.	20
faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.	12
from the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.	5
from the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.	14
from the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.	11
great food at reasonable prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!	5
great food at reasonable prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!	17
look forward to trying the ruben upon returning.	20
the only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to roth's is the strip house.	19
we usually go to the chart house to celebrate a birthday or anniversary.	19
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.	11
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.	17
you'll adore it.	20
two words: free wine.	17
the price is reasonable although the service is poor.	12
the price is reasonable although the service is poor.	17
the quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.	5
i have been to roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.	18
worth visiting the 1st ave spot because it is the original store.	20
i stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two fridays ago when i was with two friends in town from l.a. being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.	19
raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.	11
the fried rice is amazing here.	5
three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.	5
it's a perfect place to have a amazing indian food.	5
the place is so cool and the service is prompt and courteous.	14
the place is so cool and the service is prompt and courteous.	11
at the end you're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup.	5
i just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money.	17
i just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money.	5
the food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.	4
the wine list is excellent.	5
so guarantee that you can't fit them in a toaster.	5
ive been to many thai restaurants in manhattan before, and toons is by far the best thai food ive had (except for my mom's of course).	5
they wouldn't even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.	14
i highly recommend the sophia pizza.	20
when asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were.	12
this is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.	20
nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.	5
nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.	14
nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.	11
all the people that i bring there go back on their own and bring their friends!	20
after really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.	20
fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.	5
fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.	14
fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.	11
not what i wanted to hear.	18
try the lasagnette appetizer.	5
pricey, but worth a try, at least once.	15
pricey, but worth a try, at least once.	20
i've been there a few times, and i usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people.	18
i liked the beer selection!	5
great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretentious setting.	5
great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretentious setting.	14
great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretentious setting.	11
go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.	19
can't wait to go back.	20
i grew up eating dosa and have yet to find a place in ny to satisfy my taste buds.	19
wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.	5
with the great variety on the menu , i eat here often and never get bored .	5
the menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.	3
if you are a carnivore, come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been.	20
the menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.	4
not too crazy about their sake martini.	3
great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.	5
great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.	20
the service varies from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not.	13
whoever the jazz duo was, they were on point.	11
one thing i liked about this place is that i never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests.	14
this place is a great bargain.	17
we happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results.	20
unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.	5
unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.	18
deff recommend bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out.	20
we always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied.	5
dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat.	4
first went here to enjoy their garden terrace.	11
my husbands was perfect, my was well done and dry.	4
everyone i have spoken too there is super friendly, helpful, and willing to the extra mile for a customer.	14
the pizza was pretty good and huge.	5
sapphire is the only indian restaurant i go to when i'm in nyc.	20
the cuisine from what i've gathered is authentic taiwanese, though its very different from what i've been accustomed to in taipei.	4
i heartily recommend.	20
heartland brewery is by far one of the best places in nyc to make new friends and catch up with old ones.	20
i almost hesitate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and i would hate for it too become to crowded.	11
they are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.	14
they are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.	9
all my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was.	3
the atmosphere is unheralded, the service impeccable, and the food magnificent.	5
the atmosphere is unheralded, the service impeccable, and the food magnificent.	14
the atmosphere is unheralded, the service impeccable, and the food magnificent.	11
we ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.	3
the wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!	5
the wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!	14
this place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps queens' biggest secret!	20
it may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area.	5
it may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area.	10
this place is so much fun.	20
i was glad i did.	20
right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.	5
right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.	11
i've never been treated so rudely.	12
i'll be back soon.	20
le pere pinard has a $15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding.	5
went inside and i started to get excited.	20
i also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.	12
our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal.	12
however, it is just too good to not praise it.	20
we have been to montparnasse many times and return often for good reason.	20
the strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds.	18
we had the lobster sandwich and it was fantastic.	5
it's somewhere you can eat and be happy.	20
if you wrote a bad review, it's because you don't understand what rao's is all about.	20
had we been stalling i could understand where they were coming from, but we had been there less than an hour and they hadn't even brought us a check yet!	12
but overall i give it a 10	20
though the spider roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.	5
though the spider roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.	17
deep fried skewers are good and still rare to find in nyc.	5
i have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.	12
i also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).	5
their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.	5
this was one of the best restaurants i've ever been to.	20
this restaurant used to be pretty decent.	18
an oasis of refinement:  food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new american fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.	5
if you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare, you'll love artisanal!	5
i love indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it.	5
some baby pizzas get their wish.	4
plenty of choices to make your own creation.	5
it was tiny and i felt like i was eating in someone's living room.	9
i was there on sat.	19
overall a oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it	20
overall a oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it	12
the lava cake dessert was incredible and i recommend it.	5
vt is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up.	20
from the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.	3
from the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.	12
lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for four dollars.	5
lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for four dollars.	17
the last time i went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen.	18
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.	5
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.	16
nice restaurant overall, with classic upscale italian decor.	11
not impressed with the food.	3
the entire dining experience was wonderful!	20
the wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and i always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.	5
the wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and i always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.	20
service is highly refined: our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress.	14
order the panang duck, it's fantastic.	5
food is usually very good, though occasionally i wondered about freshness of raw vegetables in side orders.	4
other than the crappy service from two individuals, it's great.	13
what more can you ask for?	20
wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment.	19
they have authentic indian at amazing prices.	5
they have authentic indian at amazing prices.	17
you are treated just like royalty.	14
there's nice and quiet, small but enough for 6 (or more).	10
ambiance relaxed and stylish.	11
i've never felt more unwelcome than last month at jimmy's bronx cafe.	18
luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon, sea bass and crispy duck.	5
yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.	3
looking from the outside in, one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall (really, that's what it is).	9
and yes dal bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.	5
i look forward to eating here again	20
i've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste.	5
tuk tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.	5
tuk tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.	11
tuk tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.	17
a glass of leaping lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.	5
food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.	3
the food always tastes fresh and served promptly.	5
the food always tastes fresh and served promptly.	14
i know because i live nearby.	19
the pizza here is delicious.	5
my entire family was horrified.	18
on a monthly basis my friends and i get together and have a girls night out.	19
pizza and garlic knots are great as well, i order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!	5
pizza and garlic knots are great as well, i order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!	14
for great chinese food nearby, you have wu liang ye and grand sichuan just a block away.	5
but who says murray's is anything about service.	13
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	3
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	20
i have never been disappointed in the red eye.	20
hats off to the chef.	5
this should have been done in a back room - away from customers.	18
service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.	20
service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.	12
glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers.	19
the pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.	5
its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of new york.	5
its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of new york.	11
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.	14
the atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe.	10
check it out	20
first off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.	12
don't go.	18
the food was bland oily.	3
but they do.	19
what is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.	5
what is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.	17
the fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary.	4
look i don't know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place (please try some other places).	19
suan has challenged this loyalty.	19
our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.	5
and kruno, the beverage manager is the best bartender i have yet to come across.	14
ambiance and music funky, which i enjoy.	11
the food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.	5
the food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.	14
i went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refreshment with my date.	19
it's a really great deal, considering we got full off of four dollars.	17
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommelier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experience.	5
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommelier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experience.	11
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommelier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experience.	14
went with mommy (the only person who could afford taking me here).	19
my friends and i were on vacation in ny and was referred to chance by a friend.	19
last time i went here, the waitress didn't come back after taking our order.	12
try the tandoori salmon!	5
i am completely hooked on this place, it is ridiculous.	20
eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.	18
eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.	11
granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.	14
granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.	9
have recommended the place to friends, always gets good response.	20
we will return many times for this oasis in mid-town.	20
i love the atmosphere @ peep!	11
enjoy!	20
we weren't!	19
this is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.	20
(la rosa is connected by a swinging door to the mexican restaurant pacifico).	19
it could have been handled better.	18
the service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark.	14
the other night we had the $30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if i could of licked the plate clean i would of.	5
please be aware that it's cash or amex only!	19
even after getting pushed out by the no-class famous ray's, sal has risen again to carry on his father's uncle's legacies with a smile, true love for his community, and let's not forget the outstanding pizza!	5
it's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.	9
the environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	3
the environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	12
the environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	11
we had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess, it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well.	5
i had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.	19
they were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior.	5
what came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.	3
i had the pad thai and the noodles were sticky.	3
so i've never actually been to m proper, but i've had it delivered a few times.	19
among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants, this offers by far one of the best values for your money.	17
frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus mcds or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison.	5
the hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.	12
if you're craving for haru's great food, especially the house roll, but can't stand the wait building outside, head across the street to their sake bar!	5
if you're craving for haru's great food, especially the house roll, but can't stand the wait building outside, head across the street to their sake bar!	12
a narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.	9
the food is great.	5
succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired "doneness" accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill.	5
lunch came with pickles and slaw, no extra charge.	17
decent wine at reasonable prices.	5
decent wine at reasonable prices.	17
all conveniently delivered right to the door.	14
even the wine by the glass was good.	5
nice family owned traditional restaurant.	20
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price	19
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price	15
this dish is my favorite and i always get it when i go there and never get tired of it.	5
i also ordered the change mojito, which was out of this world.	5
okay service.	13
the only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.	5
the only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.	14
we were very pleasantly surprised.	20
the food was just awful, atrocious actually.	3
i will never visit this restaurant again.	18
the soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.	3
the anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.	5
the waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.	5
the waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.	14
(or sister, in my case!).	19
i've eaten at many different indian restaurants.	19
they might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says i love you.	5
they might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says i love you.	12
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.	5
try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.	5
don't go there!	18
ok, so the servers wander around a little clueless, but there's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it's fine, you just have to make a small effort to get their attention.	13
good luck getting a table.	18
we picked it randomly, without a recommendation from someone who has been there, so we weren't sure what to expect.	19
don't look down your nose at me like that.	18
planet thai is great!	20
the service is awful.	12
just don't do it.	18
just ignore the trendy wannabes.	18
the takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes, i can't wait!	5
trust me, it will be great, and all of it will be devoured in no time.	5
my girlfriends and i ate at o.g. again last night.	19
i wish they had one near my office- i would go everyday.	20
finally!	20
amma has the worst value for money i have experienced in nyc over the past 2 years.	15
i am not the most experienced person when it comes to thai food, but my friend who took me there is.	19
i think this would be a pretty good spot if it were not so overpriced and overrated.	15
regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you five minutes.	14
the pizza is good though.	5
bottles of wine are cheap and good.	17
bottles of wine are cheap and good.	5
you will not be disappointed at all.	20
walk-ins are risky too.	18
the have over 100 different beers to offer their guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumpkin tortellini.	5
they didn't give us the dinner special until we asked for it.	12
you must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.	5
word of advice, save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you've had the tiramisu.	5
very good service and very good prices.	14
very good service and very good prices.	17
i recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.	20
the service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.	14
ess-a-bagel (either by sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in ny.	5
our food was great too!	5
open late (well as late as i ever got there and i'm a night person)	20
the most annoying thing, though, is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue.	12
get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.	20
please try the filet mignon, its just the most tender piece ever.	5
everything we had was pretty good, but we have only been there once.	5
we were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.	18
something about them being busy with holiday party's.	18
the sake menu should not be overlooked!	5
i would highly recommend.	20
this place is great.	20
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.	5
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.	17
i've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they're that good.	5
with so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!	20
this has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in brooklyn.	18
the service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.	5
the service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.	14
the service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.	11
went there last night for 2 year anniversary, and wasn't all that impressed.	18
it was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us.	12
we were seated promptly as we had reservations, however after that the service was slow.	13
at first i was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of nyc.	19
it's really also the service, is good and the waiters are friendly.	14
suan was a recommendation that i am glad we heeded.	20
the food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.	4
we visit at least once a month.	19
it is set far from the small street it's on, and there is no traffic noise.	11
also, the place is popular with families, so if you're bothered by children running loose like wild animals, come later at night to avoid them.	10
i'll keep this short.	19
i felt as though i were eating in paris.	11
lived in shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship green bo restaurant there.	19
lived in shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship green bo restaurant there.	5
i highly recommend cafe st. bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.	5
i highly recommend cafe st. bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.	14
i highly recommend cafe st. bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.	11
however, it's not worth a special trip.	18
nice value.	17
gigino's in wagner park is so enjoyable.	20
and it was quick which is very important.	14
this is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.	20
all the nyu students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere.	11
the food here does a great service to the name (cantonese that is.).	5
but, nothing stands out about the cooking.	4
joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.	11
joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.	5
if that's a problem, go to mcdonald's and destroy your insides.	18
the prix fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity and quality).	5
the prix fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity and quality).	17
i've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city.	20
i had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, i tried removing the hollandaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.	3
i work near-by, and they have the best oatmeal in the neighborhood- not a packaged or quick-cooked item.	5
always busy but fast moving.	10
too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.	3
the menu looked good, except for offering the chilean sea bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	4
the menu looked good, except for offering the chilean sea bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	12
sexy.	20
the food was really good, i had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever.	5
i will have to say, this bengali fast food joint is clearly my favorite.	20
i'm not picky - but it was actually gross.	3
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.	20
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.	17
since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.	14
since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.	9
based on the reviews for dinner, this is a place i would reconsider revisiting for that, but definitely not for dim sum again.	4
it costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.	4
it costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.	15
even with john's and joe's around the corner, this place will make a name for itself.	20
it melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency, not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.	5
when he finally did, he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- couldn't find tonic.	12
my girlfriend convinced me to go in the other night for a quick bite.	19
the dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of chinese here).	3
despite the untasteful previous review.	19
don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.	20
sure, everyone's got their favorite, but to know sal, is to know new york.	19
i think that it is absolutely brilliant and well-run business operation.	20
also they were $15 each!	15
the service is ok, some of the people didn't get what they asked for.	13
my friends spoke so much about it for months, i finally made the time to come down ear and dine in.	19
if you want good authentic thai this place is not the place to go.	3
i recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one.	19
the only thing i moderately enjoyed was their grilled chicken special with edamame puree.	4
this is as good as neighborhood restaurants come.	19
if you want some roast duck, pork or chicken on rice with ginger, try them out!	5
you order from a menu, so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience.	18
one of the more authentic shanghainese restaurants in the us definitely the best in manhattan chinatown.	20
we will go back every time we are in the city.	20
we love th pink pony.	20
so eat fast and order a lot.	19
staff is very accommodating.	14
i have to agree with the previous reviewer.	19
--eat club is a roving group of nyc gluttons	19
if you were there when it first opened, give this restaurant a second chance.	20
i went to del frisco's friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation.	19
if you like sakagura but you feel it's too much, you'd better try yokocho.	19
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you don't agree with me.	20
definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date.	20
you can't go wrong with this place.	20
very popular style izakaya (sake and small portion of sake friendly dishes ).	5
hurley's is like cheers where everyone knows your name and they are actually glad you came.	14
not pretentious and very economical.	11
not pretentious and very economical.	17
the food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.	5
the food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.	14
this is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.	5
fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.	5
we have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.	14
quick and friendly service.	14
authentic bistro!	20
they are tasty, but i suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average american digestive system.	4
somewhat pricey but what the heck.	15
it's true, this place is not cheap.	15
try the hot dogs too, they're snappy and delicious.	5
delivery is fast too.	14
being from the south, there aren't any good delis in my area and while watching foods across america on pbs i found out about katz's deli.	19
the noise level was unbearable, conversation impossible.	9
personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.	5
highly recommended is the spicy fried clam rolls and spider rolls.	5
one of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way.	20
it's convenient.	20
thanks bloom's for a lovely trip.	20
the atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon.	11
the atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon.	17
oh right, i should probably say something nice.	19
odd for ave b, not just odd, the place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least.	10
when we stumbled on leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem but, we were certainly wrong.	18
instead of wasting your time here: support restaurants that care about food.	18
this is can became on e of the ny italian food fare institutions.	19
just got back from lunch at tamarind and it was excellent.	5
head and shoulders above its neighbors on east 6 st, taj mahal is also very comparable, in food quality, to the much overpraised (and under deserving) baluchi's.	5
the man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were booths open all around).	12
try the cheesecake!	5
as we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.	12
as we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.	3
david, daytona beach, fl	19
perhaps.	19
great indian food and the service is incredible.	5
great indian food and the service is incredible.	14
go here.	20
if you are in the area try the bagel shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd ave.	20
rosario's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence.	20
decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.	5
decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.	11
i had the salmon dish and while it was fine, for the price paid, i expected it to have some type of flavor.	4
we ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.	3
especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.	5
the waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished.	12
the restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the hudson river and the statue of liberty.	11
my wife and i always enjoy the young, not always well trained but nevertheless friendly, staff, all of whom have a story.	13
we generally like good restaurants and eat out often but kai was way to expensive for what we got.	15
what a great place.	20
the sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day.	5
don't eat here unless you're starving for thai food and you work next door.	18
this tiny williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.	20
for the people who want great food plus great service, roxy is a place to avoid!	3
for the people who want great food plus great service, roxy is a place to avoid!	12
i had the best ravioli ever.	5
while the menu isn't especially groundbreaking, everything i've tried so far has been well-executed and tasty.	4
ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding.	14
the bill is approximately $25 for 2 at lunch without drinks.	16
quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi i have ever tried.	3
the food is great, service is ok.	5
the food is great, service is ok.	13
the overall price tag was very very expensive, something i did expect.	15
by the time we were done, it was past 1:00am.	19
spice is great thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.	5
spice is great thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.	17
read all the other review, they'll confirm it.	19
even after they overcharged me the last time i was there.	12
the service was attentive.	14
he not only makes his own homemade mozzarella, but every pie is ultra fresh.	5
fish was overdone.	3
great idea and base for restaurant, but work on the details, people who think this was good need to go back to the shore towns and rethink what it should have tasted like.	19
when you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.	11
we visited bread bar during january restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.	5
we visited bread bar during january restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.	14
i have been twice to this restaurant.	19
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection.	10
you could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other french bistros.	18
the establishment scores big points in presentation and style.	11
the rest of the dim sum, though pricey by chinatown standards, is worth it.	5
the rest of the dim sum, though pricey by chinatown standards, is worth it.	15
good food.	5
the wait staff is very friendly, if not overly efficient.	14
surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth.	20
the dim sum however was very good.	5
it's better than being on the roof of sutton place with 19 year old interns jabbing you in the ribs all night.	20
service has always been friendly and efficient.	14
went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.	4
its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch.	20
all we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner.	12
the table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.	12
prices are very good.	17
we could not catch our waiter's eye, and he ignored us.	12
fantastic place.	20
plain and simple it's bad thai food.	3
definitely not a restaurant to skip!	20
they refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends.	12
usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish.	4
while certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.	4
the dim sum was so-so, but not spectacular.	4
the food was so-so.	4
the waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.	12
the place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints, and has a bar which deserves a mention.	11
what a ripoff!	15
threw my fiance's surprise 30th birthday dinner here couldn't be happier.	20
you can do it here.	19
food awesome.	5
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	5
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	14
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	11
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	17
there was a small wait, but shorter than i expected.	19
the lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.	15
the lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.	4
may, the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you.	14
i've lived in ny for 5 years and this place has it all.	20
i just read mocaramel's review and felt compelled to respond.	19
the sides were ok and incredibly salty.	3
it hits the spot every time	20
for some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the salmon.	3
not a large place, but it's cute and cozy.	10
don't be fooled by crowds of people.	18
and there's no way out.	19
the beverages were excellent, and the dessert was good.	5
the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.	12
next time, we wouldn't dare ordering anything else other than some simple asian appetizers and drinks.	4
please if your thinking about it go, and stay the wait you won't be disappointed.	19
i must say the view of nyc is so beautiful!	11
if you'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent, long tan is a good place on the slope.	5
when going out for a nice dinner, i like a nice ambiance as well as very good food.	19
for all you lazy folks that don't want to come to alphabet city, i say, good - stay out.	19
otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.	14
otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.	11
otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.	17
highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.	5
highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.	14
highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.	17
this place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.	12
a++. the service was good to excellent along with the attitude.	14
this is my fourth try over a two year period, and i'm done.	18
the food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass.	5
the music does get a little loud at times, but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife, and as i did, i got a whiff of coriander.	10
black white shakes came out good also.	5
it's simply the best meal in nyc.	20
probably would not go again.	18
after passing by this restaurant for sometime i finally decided to go in and have dinner.	19
the seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant, so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here.	9
i ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.	4
we go on mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to blue ribbon.	4
tuk tuk is my second favorite neighborhood thai place (the first being joya).	20
however, they've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot.	5
great bagels made the old-fashioned way.	5
this is some really good, inexpensive sushi.	5
this is some really good, inexpensive sushi.	17
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread, but all the bagels are unbelievably good.	5
i wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.	3
for the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.	12
the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc.	5
the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc.	14
also good for client lunch meetings, esp.	20
for $600 ( the most we have ever paid) not even waving a magic wand will ever get us back for a repeat performance.	15
the decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.	11
the decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.	17
the decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.	5
the staff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.	5
the staff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.	14
the setting is casual and romantic.	11
it was horrible.	18
terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.	12
great friendly service, fast seating, fast delivery, excellent sushi.	5
great friendly service, fast seating, fast delivery, excellent sushi.	14
the desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced french restaurants.	5
the italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the ues), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the ny yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner.	5
the italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the ues), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the ny yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner.	13
as many other reviewers noticed, your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time.	13
i found the food to be outstanding, particularly the salmon dish i had.	5
mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.	5
the new york times has reviewed this place three times already, you know it's going to be good.	20
baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.	5
baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.	11
baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.	17
emilio, the owner, is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go.	14
i have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner.	19
moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was very salty!	4
i came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged.	18
i came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged.	15
a cheap eat for nyc, but not for dosa.	16
the atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.	13
the atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.	9
the seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.	5
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.	4
pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high (ask for extra rye bread).	5
($200 for 2 glasses of champagne, not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks).	15
really though, where's the seasoning?	3
the food was just ok, at least for what food was available.	3
by dinner time, they turn it around and mount a huge comeback!!	20
the waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!	5
the waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!	14
the ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	12
the ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	11
solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.	5
solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.	14
the people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in new york sometimes.	14
we didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.	14
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it.	5
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it.	10
otherwise, good stuff for late nite eats.	5
the dinner was ok, nothing i would have again.	3
it is thick and slightly soggy.	3
its not the same if you have to sit inside.	10
i love and i know gourmet food by excellence!	5
i plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.	5
i plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.	20
great people watching as others do the same to you.	11
maybe it was just an unintentional mistake but i've experienced the same with other restaurants so i don't appreciate such practice.	18
two people in our party felt like something else, and volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.	14
two people in our party felt like something else, and volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.	5
he offers subpar service and has no personality.	12
the waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.	14
the waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.	5
i'm going back.	20
diner food at bistro prices is a bummer.	15
my friends and i have been going here regularly for two years.	19
wow! how have i missed this one ,tried long tan last week for the first time and now know what the ny times and many more in the neighborhood already knew.	20
go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby veal calf(ok bad joke), but you will see.	20
while we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.	9
while we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.	5
me and my girls will definitely go back.	20
the first time the sushi was outstanding, the second time it was a little bland.	4
the portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.	5
the portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.	14
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.	5
ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in.	19
all the food was hot tasty.	5
have been several times and it never disappointing.	20
this is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza.	4
our server was very helpful and friendly.	14
try green curry with vegetables.	5
would recommend this place as a good date spot if you don't want to drop a ton of cash.	20
would recommend this place as a good date spot if you don't want to drop a ton of cash.	17
while i'm not sure that this happens all the time, this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business!	14
this place was not all that!	18
first of all, this place is not romantic, as claimed by citysearch's editorial review.	9
the second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.	11
the second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.	14
much more reasonably priced too!	17
if you venture off the island of manhattan and can't seem to find a great italian restaurant, drive to corona.	19
the food was not very tasty, the portions were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.	3
my friend from milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian.	20
others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they're eaten.	19
why make a reservation if you aren't going to keep it?	12
the pad thai is excellent here, as well.	5
big and gawky on the outside.	9
i have been to mary's many times and i like it.	20
searching to get out from the cold, freezing weather, we went into what we thought was a deli.	18
i do not recommend lunch specials just because it tastes the same with other regular chinese restaurant.	3
highly recommended!!!!!	20
this is the best thing in soho.	20
went here last night and had a pleasant experience.	20
we parked on the block of nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.	20
we parked on the block of nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.	5
i came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend.	19
for $760 for 2 people, it's a once in a lifetime experience.	15
the food is ok, but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant.	4
we had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great.	5
i think the stuff was better than disney.	14
after reading the good reviews of this restaurant, i decided to give it a try with two friends.	19
while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.	18
while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.	11
while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.	17
while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.	3
orsay, is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic french food in nyc.	5
i had been searching really hard for a restaurant in new york where i could really feel unwanted and ignored and i finally found it!	12
it's definitely not a place to go if you want to impress someone.	18
well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.	3
well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.	12
the staff is no nonsense.	14
chinese desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness.	5
wonderful at holiday time.	20
and really large portions.	5
the place is a lot of fun.	20
this is a great thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.	20
this is a great thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.	14
have eaten at ginger house several times, and it's always good.	20
i ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.	3
we went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a saturday, and i was thoroughly impressed with the food.	5
i recommend the garlic shrimp, okra (bindi), and anything with lamb.	5
as a japanese native, i've lived in the tristate area for over 8 years, but i was just so amazed at this place.	20
to give you an idea of how good we thought it was, we ended up going to ping's three weekends in a row!!!	20
as we were leaving, the couple standing by the door said to another waiter, we're not in a hurry.	19
the menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.	5
in fact, two people could really share one plate.	5
the food is great and authentic.	5
this was a repeat visit and we'll definitely be back again.	20
during happy hour!	19
good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers.	20
love yuka.	20
anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.	5
anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.	17
go, go, hurry, before everyone finds out about it.	20
prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.	5
prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.	15
i am bringing my whole family back next time.	20
this place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing.	5
the photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look.	9
the food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.	3
but the coconut rice was good.	5
it took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer.	12
a guaranteed delight!	20
i have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years.	19
overall i would recommend it and go back again.	20
the food was great.	5
pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.	5
pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.	17
if you like your music blasted and the system isn't that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimum then you'll love it here.	9
if you like your music blasted and the system isn't that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimum then you'll love it here.	15
all of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they hadn't heard about this place.	5
anyway, this is the last time i cross the williamsburg.	18
metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal.	11
friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.	14
when i'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office, i head for cafe st. bart's.	19
guess the 555soul ads didn't launch her big modeling career.	19
the restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.	14
the restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.	9
besides, we were on vacation!	19
i love this cozy around the way rest.	11
quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.	5
quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.	17
don't leave without trying one night in tokyo.	20
save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!	18
this is my favorite italian restaurant in all of new york city.	20
the place is a little tight and on a cold day, the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty.	9
the appetizing is excellent - just as good as zabars barney greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).	5
the appetizing is excellent - just as good as zabars barney greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).	17
but, they were too big for the bun.	3
the food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.	5
the food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.	17
raga stands out with an interesting fusion of french and indian cooking.	5
a few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.	3
the bagels are fabulous.	5
oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.	12
although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.	14
although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.	11
the food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.	5
the food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.	11
the food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.	17
the food options rule.	5
a great choice at any cost and a great deal.	20
a great choice at any cost and a great deal.	17
anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet, where greasy, dry and tasteless are complimentary.	3
we ate here in march, 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight.	4
definitely check it out!!!	20
probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).	10
their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, yuck.	3
it takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something (although they don't forget to charge you for it.	12
the place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.	11
saturday, nov. 6th i had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accommodate us.	14
good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.	5
first, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which i would have chosen had i known about them.	12
we will be back.	20
also, top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu.	5
it seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too.	20
check out the secret back room.	11
it's also attached to angel's share, which is a cool, more romantic bar.	11
authentic food and they have real service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.	5
authentic food and they have real service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.	14
stick to the gulab jamun.	5
i am amazed by the poor reviews- i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.	5
i am amazed by the poor reviews- i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.	14
i am amazed by the poor reviews- i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.	11
i am amazed by the poor reviews- i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.	17
i was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.	12
i was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.	9
with the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.	5
with the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.	11
i was a little leary about mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but i'm glad i finally tried it.	9
i was a little leary about mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but i'm glad i finally tried it.	20
we were not disappointed in the least bit by this little gem.	20
also very inexpensive.	17
we've only eaten in the restaurant once, but we have ordered many times for dinner.	19
i got enough reasons to keep coming back!!!	20
by far this is the only chinese desserts place i know in ny or anywhere close in the northeastern america that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar.	5
the food is great and reasonably priced.	5
the food is great and reasonably priced.	17
the characters really make for an enjoyable experience.	11
i would definitely recommend sea if you like thai cuisine!	5
over the years the host, vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.	14
the restaurant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accommodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic taiwanese.	10
the restaurant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accommodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic taiwanese.	17
the restaurant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accommodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic taiwanese.	5
my husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.	4
you cannot go wrong with this place.	20
it is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late, raucus dinner.	20
the food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.	5
prices are in line.	16
the combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in ny.	5
the food is prepared quickly and efficiently.	5
and for this i had to shell out a small fortune?	15
for all of you new to indian food, try the paneer roll, it is a piece of heaven.	5
the food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.	5
both the fresh mozzarella slices and the plain cheese slice are phenomenal.	5
i have tried literally every restaurant on curry row.	19
the food is terrible and overall, i would have to say avoid at all costs.	3
i've been to this monster sushi twice, the 46th st once, the 23rd st one a number of times.	19
unfortunately, the food was not something to get worked up about.	3
it's constantly open, catering to the pakistani cabbies lined up on crosby st., so there's more turnover with the food than you'd expect (i.e., surprisingly fresh).	5
it's constantly open, catering to the pakistani cabbies lined up on crosby st., so there's more turnover with the food than you'd expect (i.e., surprisingly fresh).	11
i had filet mignon with garlic mash.	4
i went at 6:00 pm specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.	5
i went at 6:00 pm specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.	17
the staff were attentive, polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters.	14
go inside and you won't want to leave.	20
i loving bringing friends here - and i do so every chance i get.	20
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the peter's favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.	5
yes, the prices are high, but i felt it was worth it.	16
the large selection of bruschetta, panini, tramezzino keep the palate from stagnating.	5
have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.	14
while this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burnouts.	5
the owner truly caters to all your needs.	14
he takes real pride in his food and his business.	14
he takes real pride in his food and his business.	5
every time in new york i make it a point to visit restaurant saul on smith street.	20
my boyfriend and i went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all i can say is that it was magnificent.	20
so if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.	5
so if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.	17
over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.	5
i would go back tho.	20
the photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and i pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.	5
too large for just two people but nothing was left.	5
i cannot imagine better indian food in all of the city.	5
great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).	11
a pleasant surprise.	20
i asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!	12
if you don't mind all that noise then go to the chart house.	10
we got most of it back at home with us.	19
get there before 7pm.	19
very good breads as well.	5
if this happens, just ask for real naan.	19
we were fans of the half-price saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.	3
we were fans of the half-price saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.	17
so, if yo really don't care who is sitting next to you, which is about 2 inches away, i would say try it.	10
pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.	5
definitely a neighborhood favorite.	20
this is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value of money.	17
my first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend.	19
example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $12 dollars and the mushrooms where $12 for about 1oz.	17
service is not exactly five star, but thats not really a big deal.	13
there are other people waiting!	13
from beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with raspberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.	5
ou must try this restaurant.	20
we left, never to return.	18
consistently good japanese tapas.	5
no apologies during restaurant week.	18
my goodness, everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing.	5
this place started off a little iffy, but is now one of my favorite indian restaurants in nyc (and i'm indian, so i should know).	19
they also do a great job for restaurant week.	20
i went to this restaurant with a woman that i met recently.	19
the dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest i've ever had).	5
this is where the aforementioned line was.	19
the food is reliable and the price is moderate.	5
the food is reliable and the price is moderate.	16
aside from the bearded, corduroy blazer professor type with the nyu student he's sleeping with that week, you see a strange mix of hipsters, frat boys, will smith types who need to be told they are black, bitter cougars who cant understand why they aren't married yet.	10
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	3
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	12
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	11
we always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied.	20
i don't how this place is still running.	18
the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.	14
we were in search of food and stumbled on this block of indian restaurants on east sixth street.	19
planet thailand has always been a hit with me , i go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .	5
very excited to hear that short-term chef jason narone has moved on, he truly was a low point of their sterling track record.	18
excellent experience.	20
well worth the trip, close to city hall and downtown subway stops.	20
i had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an inattentive.	12
i had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an inattentive.	9
what more could you want?	20
if you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.	20
all in all, i don't see how you can go wrong.	20
the sauce on the pizza is so good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don't skimp.	5
we recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since i had my yorkie with me.	11
my husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.	5
we were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call.	19
the food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.	5
the food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.	9
i'm told that it is open 24hrs which is good.	20
super friendly and knowledgeable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	5
super friendly and knowledgeable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	14
super friendly and knowledgeable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	11
the prices were fantastic.	17
what a great place!	20
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liqueurs which were courtesy of the house.	5
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liqueurs which were courtesy of the house.	16
the table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry, i understood they were busy.	13
it's not mind-blowing, but to me, thai food never is and never will be.	4
food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though i wish the pork belly that i ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).	4
although, one night we went it was super cheesy, and another night it was less cheesy.	4
even though it is a little loud, you don't have to yell at each other to talk.	10
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.	5
it is kinda noisy and the tables are close together but it's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner.	10
was surprisingly disappointed.	18
i love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap.	5
i love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap.	17
nicky the nose at the bar is a treat.	14
i went to ruby foo's after work with a group of 6.	19
i'm amazed we haven't been kicked out of this place yet.	19
service was prompt, friendly and great.	14
i haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgin olive oil.	5
the sushi was awful!	3
katz's has been a nyc original for over 100 years.	20
you can get an excellent meal at most of the many indian restaurants on nearby lexington avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here.	15
the pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down, it was a pleasurable experience.	5
the plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothing on the rest.	3
late nite omelettes are not good here, there is no variety!	3
everything at sala thai is tasty and well-portioned.	5
after all that, they complained to me about the small tip.	12
it's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner.	17
behind this counter, two men are squeezed in.	9
great find!!!	20
if only they delivered, they'd make a mint!	20
whenever you need a sushi fix, mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.	5
whenever you need a sushi fix, mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.	14
our waitress was sweet and accommodating, not overbearing.	14
went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.	12
i was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there.	18
the website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing.	10
the website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing.	19
despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.	4
the outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful.	11
a large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.	15
in any event, this is a place i'll be sure to stop by again when i'm in this part of town.	20
i definitely wouldn't go back.	18
it is not worth for that bucks.	15
brick oven gallery is my pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere.	20
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.	5
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.	17
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.	14
for many people, this may not seem like authentic thai food because most places in nyc aren't quite authentic.	3
growing up in ny, i have eaten my share of bagels.	19
oh, don't even let me start with how expensive the bills were!	15
a hearty two thumbs up!	20
the scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.	4
all the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!	5
besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.	12
besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.	15
service is top notch.	14
the food now is inconsistent.	3
all pretty good.	20
you can also special order any kind of dumpling,etc.	20
you guys rock.	20
chance is a joke.	18
i was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.	5
i was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.	20
be careful before you request extra spice.	4
the octopus eaters were floored by the octopus salad.	5
we thought that this place is using too much of msg cooking in the foods.	3
i was at rao's last wed.	19
and the tom kha soup was pathetic.	3
i started out with a bombay beer which was big enough for two.	5
the decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.	11
service was quick.	14
tends to turn people away.	18
we thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like.	19
i was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine, and have been going back regularly ever since.	20
drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!	12
went there for an office lunch.	19
i have been doing all of the above at the heartland brewery for over 5 years now and i have never been disappointed!	20
everytime i decide to try another place on the ues, i get angry that i didn't just go to zucchero pomodori.	19
the sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasmalai was forgettable.	4
we've been following chef lyle's food around new york for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.	5
the best thing i tasted were the lambchops.	5
it's delicious!	5
the spicy tuna and salmon are the best we've ever had.	5
even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.	5
even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.	15
in addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.	5
in addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.	17
upon entering, we were greeted by the owners, steven and frederick, who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts.	14
if you live outside the neighborhood, don't bother!	18
been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably.	18
meat dishes now adorn the selections, although there's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices.	4
i never had anything i didn't like here.	20
reasonable prices.	17
they bring service up a notch by offering complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.	14
try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.	5
it won't break the bank but i also wouldn't come back for the food.	3
it won't break the bank but i also wouldn't come back for the food.	16
all in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.	20
i've been to joya twice and i will never go again.	18
so rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!	18
however it is the only taiwanese restaurant in town.	19
it is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of disney type special effects.	11
if you're looking for perfect traditional sushi, go here - if you're looking for interesting combinations, try sushi of gari's (east side).	5
no refills on fountain drinks, though.	3
wow over 100 beers to choose from.	5
be careful of portions - they're huge.	5
the steak tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.	5
my first time there i happened not to like the crab croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.	14
my first time there i happened not to like the crab croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.	3
great for large groups and celebrations - our super happy waiter was the entertainment of the evening.	14
great for large groups and celebrations - our super happy waiter was the entertainment of the evening.	20
did i mention the wine?	4
plus, on wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited!	5
it is by far my favorite restaurant in brooklyn.	20
now it's so crowded and loud you can't even talk to the person next to you.	9
love pizza 33.	20
even my indian friend couldn't believe how good and tasty everything was.	5
i'm from england, and haru's was the best i had in nyc.	20
less = more in their case.	20
ruby foo's is a tourist trap.	18
i've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed.	18
i've been many time and have never been disappointed.	20
ciao bella	19
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it downtown manhattan.	3
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it downtown manhattan.	12
the dim sum servings here are a bit larger than i'm used to.	4
however, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.	13
however, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.	9
we won't go to this place again for a good meal.	3
it's a much more grown up restaurant compared to the rest of the street.	10
barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.	4
we were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant!	12
after dinner, take your date to the huge dance floor, probably one of the biggest you'll see in ny.	11
taj mahal offers great value and great food.	5
taj mahal offers great value and great food.	17
has the chef and owner changed???	13
my boyfriend and i recently had an early dinner at artisanal and was satisfied with our experience.	20
i absolutely loved this place.	20
i wish i lived there as i would eat at this place as often as possible!	20
but don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.	3
outstanding bagels, but you get what you pay for.	5
outstanding bagels, but you get what you pay for.	15
pizza - the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!	5
if you're in town, it's worth searching for another place.	18
i have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one.	20
i found it on a cold night, the perfect spot to warm up.	11
they even have a section in the menu called american chinese food!	3
service was warm and attentive, beef carpaccio was excellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.	5
service was warm and attentive, beef carpaccio was excellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.	14
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together.	4
best italian food i ever had (and being italian, that means a lot).	5
i will recommend scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful italian food.	5
located at the end of a magnificent block.	11
this restaurant is not worth the time, effort, or money to say the least.	15
this restaurant is not worth the time, effort, or money to say the least.	18
looking around, i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.	11
looking around, i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.	5
keep up the good work guys!	20
hurley's is terrific!	20
they don't walk around with the trays of dim sum.	11
took my sister here before attending a show one evening.	19
great bar, most gorgeous bartenders you've ever seen (specifically the blond lady).	14
we were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.	12
really.	19
i really loved the different and innovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.	5
our friends have not arrived yet.	19
they came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant.	3
i had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.	5
i had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.	14
the svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	12
the svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	20
my husband and i thought it would be great to go to the jekyll and hyde pub for our anniversary, and to our surprise it was fantastic.	20
never once did i leave feeling unwelcome or impressed.	19
the food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.	5
but the main hit was the whole grilled fish.	5
i had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.	17
on a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.	20
the food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.	5
the food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.	14
i usually go there later at night when i get off work so i don't have to deal with crowds or lines.	19
pizza here is consistently good.	5
we had a great time watching the shows and characters and food was just what we were looking for.	5
we had a great time watching the shows and characters and food was just what we were looking for.	11
after 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.	12
wouldn't recommend it for dinner!	18
sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.	3
my husband and i enjoy sangria.	5
but after last night, spice grill is the only place i'm eating indian cuisine.	5
we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.	14
we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.	5
first the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course.	12
not sure where the previous reviewer, look, dined, but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!	5
not sure where the previous reviewer, look, dined, but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!	11
in an area sadly lacking in decent thai food, this is one of the best spots.	5
tell them herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter.	19
make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to time square.	13
the food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.	5
they don't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai.	3
other appetizers and food	4
the noodle and rices dishes taste great.	5
the food's as good as ever.	5
the crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.	5
the crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.	14
your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem!	20
also a little more expensive than your average bagel place.	15
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.	3
and the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating.	5
the sauces used are also not that exciting.	3
the secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered.	5
i absolutely love this place!!!	20
the rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.	3
we had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses!	5
the shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.	5
i am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort.	18
when my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occasion of some sort.	14
i got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.	17
i got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.	5
there are other vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those.	19
there is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.	9
there is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.	12
if it's just a quick martini at the bar (which i recommend jeffery's) or a mind blowing roast chicken, go to village!	5
no thanks!!!	18
there was a long wait for a table outside, but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our inside table was very nice.	13
i would definitely recommend this restaurant.	20
the prices are wonderfully low.	17
if you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.	5
i love this place!	20
i have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials.	5
i have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials.	17
so much more than the usual bar food, go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers.	5
a big disappointment, all around.	18
and its absolutely delicious.	5
no free drink.	15
i would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach something that i can't not mention or undermine.	4
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.	5
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.	14
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.	20
definitely highly not recommended.	18
while they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.	5
while they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.	17
i had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of.	14
the two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place.	19
don't waste money on decor.	11
they also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and french with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for?	11
go to any corned indian restaurant, and the little india strip along east 6 st rules supreme!	20
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.	4
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.	19
given the incredible architecture surrounding it, this place has no character.	10
i'd call it an italian dinner.	19
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary.	19
while the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.	5
while the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.	9
while the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.	17
i have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls' night.	19
have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.	5
have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.	20
their eggplant is so delicate, sweet tender!	5
i pray it stays open forever.	20
each bite of food at kai was indeed delicious, fresh, and elegant.	5
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.	5
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.	17
if you want to save some money, don't go here.	15
my friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.	5
i had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, i'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).	4
it's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the pink pony can be so ruined by lousy service.	12
it's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the pink pony can be so ruined by lousy service.	11
this is the first time citysearch didn't call it right.	19
you should pass on the calamari.	3
the porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.	3
try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps.	5
the food portions are really large.	5
the fries are yummy.	5
friendly and informative staff, very attentive and prompt raw bar service.	14
best taiwanese food in ny!	5
i have eaten at many pizza places around nyc and this is hands down the worst.	18
this place is a great stop for great food.	5
all the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that i have had in the city.	5
what for?	19
fantastic!	20
they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.	3
highly recommended for a first date.	20
we laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, i feel.	12
and the prices were way to high for what you get.	15
but people from sichuan will die for it)  - chongqing hot pot, chongqing was the biggest city of sichuan, now became an independent province.	20
skip baraonda down the street (eurotrashy, snooty and expensive) and check this place out!	19
skip this location and go to the one in soho.	19
the staff ignored my friends and i the entire time we were there.	12
yet paired with such rude service, would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there.	12
i went to areo on a sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends, and spent three enjoyable hours there.	20
the in-house lady dj on saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music, and moreover, takes requests.	11
i need at least three rolls to be full, and that's at least $14.00!	15
anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment.	18
all of it was simply amazing, unique and tasty and best of all it didn't break the bank.	5
all of it was simply amazing, unique and tasty and best of all it didn't break the bank.	17
great wine list, reasonably priced.	5
great wine list, reasonably priced.	17
the hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.	3
while the food was excellent, it wasn't cheap (though not extremely expensive either).	5
while the food was excellent, it wasn't cheap (though not extremely expensive either).	16
beef noodle soup is good as well.	5
i was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got!	18
delivery service is great too.	14
the food's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate, truly embracing the beauty of authentic thai cuisine.	5
i received prompt service with a smile.	14
they pray to their food gods to make them into a good pizza like vt's.	4
the place was quiet and delightful.	11
molto bene!	20
the best i've found outside of the chinatown masters.	5
they are amazing!	20
avoid this place!	18
the food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.	5
a must try!	20
as much as i like the food there, i can't bring myself to go back.	18
as much as i like the food there, i can't bring myself to go back.	5
it looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.	3
the prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the west village.	11
the prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the west village.	17
the soup is pretty good too.	5
it is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in nyc with a week's notice.	20
i have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats.	5
if you go to roth's try to be served by mike, he is great!!	14
based on a visit a month ago, i returned the week before christmas and was hugely disappointed.	18
went here on a friend's recommendation.	19
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, i agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .	12
i love ess-a-bagel, but i live on the west side, so i often go to murray's for convenience.	20
i always get the shabu-shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh.	5
the pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!	3
we were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a sunday night.	5
nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegetables.	5
nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegetables.	12
nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegetables.	9
on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentation, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	3
on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentation, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	13
on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentation, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	10
we will definitely go back.	20
i live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of the pizza place at 3am.	20
is just the way it was in days gone by.	19
if i could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in nyc.	3
if i could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in nyc.	14
the food is amazing!!!!	5
having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit, but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues.	5
the portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	3
the portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	14
for the price, you cannot eat this well in manhattan.	17
for the price, you cannot eat this well in manhattan.	5
the owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!	14
the owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!	5
the atmosphere is great!!!	11
it can be a very fun experience with a group, and kids (6 and over) would love it.	11
with so many good restaurants on the uws, i don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.	12
with so many good restaurants on the uws, i don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.	15
with so many good restaurants on the uws, i don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.	3
i tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.	5
the service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.	5
the service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.	12
the bruschetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.	4
and evaluated on those terms pastis is simply wonderful.	20
the atmosphere isn't the greatest , but i suppose that's how they keep the prices down .	10
the atmosphere isn't the greatest , but i suppose that's how they keep the prices down .	17
the pickles were great addition.	5
if your favorite chinese food is general tao chicken, then this is not your place.	3
you must try the shrimp appetizers.	5
not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.	5
not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.	14
filled with suits, though, so you never really feel terribly comfortable.	9
the production is a symphony, a lot of fun to experience. the food sublime for the most part.	5
the production is a symphony, a lot of fun to experience. the food sublime for the most part.	20
waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.	3
waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.	12
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and wouldn't miss roxy,s food is expensive but it's new york!	19
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and wouldn't miss roxy,s food is expensive but it's new york!	16
it's like you are transported to the italian countryside, very romantic and filled with antiques.	11
the cold appetizer dishes taste like the way i remember them to taste when i was growing up in taiwan.	5
just go and see for yourself.	19
the restaurant was packed at first, so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated.	19
interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.	5
interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.	14
interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.	11
i hate this.	18
any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.	14
whether it's the parmesan porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to northern italy with one bite.	5
that place was awesome,,,  sally !	20
the food at this place is gourmet indian cuisine.	4
finally a reliable chinese restaurant!	20
get over it!	19
but the thing that my wife and i hated was it was so loud and it felt like bar or pub.	9
however, it just so happens that there's an even more amazing place just down the street.	20
while there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich, katz's has a charm about it.	5
however, looking at the table next to ours, we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza, which looked perfect.	5
priced at upper intermediate range.	15
the fish was adequate, but inexpertly sliced.	4
i recommend ordering in on a weeknight.	20
if you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.	3
if you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.	15
try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.	5
while it's not nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.	20
while it's not nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.	5
while it's not nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.	17
so my husband made up an excuse so we can leave.	18
it's very spicy but not offensive.	4
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.	14
i don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.	18
i don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.	9
the rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.	5
they used shredded cheese on top!	4
they are located in the middle of chinatown!	19
the food is great and they have a good selection of wines at reasonable prices.	5
the food is great and they have a good selection of wines at reasonable prices.	17
eating at ottimo is like eating in chef salvatore esposito's home.	20
katz's deli is a great ny experience.	20
check it out.	20
the only positive was the wait staff, which was prompt, knowledgeable, and likable.	14
i couldn't recommend their godmother pizza any higher.	5
i am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.	5
i was very impressed by this low-key upper east-sider and their authentically thai cuisine!!!	5
i was very impressed by this low-key upper east-sider and their authentically thai cuisine!!!	11
i would go again if i didn't have to pay.	20
i would go again if i didn't have to pay.	15
for the location, the prices are very reasonable.	17
the food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.	4
the food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.	16
my friend's food was also the complete opposite of what it's supposed to taste like (and look like).	3
i ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.	3
i would like to return and try some of the other menu items when i don't have to rush off to a show.	5
we have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.	5
we have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.	14
hopefully next time, i will save room for dessert.	4
alain ducasse is the best of everything, i mean everything was excellent.	20
not a typical pizza joint, but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner.	17
not a typical pizza joint, but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner.	5
the corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth.	5
the best chicken pad tai, i've ever had.	5
we weren't even at our table for more than an hour total.	19
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.	17
it has been my first choice ever since i discovered it .	20
over 100 different choices to create your own.	5
haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on park avenue south and friendly service.	5
haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on park avenue south and friendly service.	14
haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on park avenue south and friendly service.	11
warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.	11
very romantic fires - i've literally spent hours at lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.	5
very romantic fires - i've literally spent hours at lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.	11
we got a little tipsy from the sake but isn't that what saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about?	19
i almost wanted to write a bad review, so no one would ever go here and i could have all the dumplings to myself!	5
after reading the posts, i was always skeptical to go to the minnow, despite living in park slope.	19
i loved it and will be back soon.	20
always a nice crowd, but never loud.	11
my turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.	3
the service is spotty, sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there.	13
decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend.	10
his drinks are very inventive, delicious and classy.	5
great food, great prices, great service.	5
great food, great prices, great service.	14
great food, great prices, great service.	17
this isn't your corner chinese food takeout.	19
awesome pizza especially the margherita slice.	5
this place, however, has a lot less pretension than joya and the thai food is still above-average.	5
this place, however, has a lot less pretension than joya and the thai food is still above-average.	11
my husband and i ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokeni.com,	19
try ordering from the regular menu, then you would not regret!	5
told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.	12
uni from maine vs california, sea vs freshwater eel) to get a good taste comparison.	19
we started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.	5
the crispy chicken wasn't for us, though.	3
just awsome.	20
food is great.	5
there is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me.	5
i recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!	5
this place is incredibly tiny.	9
i will definitely go back again and again, that's for sure!!!	20
i didn't complain, i liked the atmosphere so much.	11
this is one of our all-time favorite.	20
in reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.	12
the wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.	5
but when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.	17
but when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.	14
this place is amazingly bad.	18
compared to other shabu restaurants around town, this places wins hands-down.	20
i've been to several places for dim sum and this has got to be the worst.	3
i've been to several places for dim sum and this has got to be the worst.	18
i love this place.	20
the freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.	5
the freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.	14
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food.	5
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food.	14
it's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.	14
it's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.	11
dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time.	18
the people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud.	9
the sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.	3
the sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.	15
the problem is just that it is a sometimes kind of affair.	19
price no more than a jersey deli but way better.	17
the fried rice is really good too.	5
we were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager tony gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections.	14
made my dining experience uncomfortable.	18
it's a steal!	17
we went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments.	19
still stay away, the table next to us walked out after my table and another were serves eventhough they were there much longer.	12
i was with a party of 7 (close but not next the the front doors) and we were eating with our coats on.	9
a very inviting restaurant, with friendly service.	14
a very inviting restaurant, with friendly service.	11
the back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.	11
what's the difference between the two?	19
will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings!	20
good french restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at katz' deli, or mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.	20
i was very disappointed with this restaurant.	18
the drinks are always well made and wine selection is fairly priced.	5
the drinks are always well made and wine selection is fairly priced.	17
we also had shared a house salad that was fresh.	5
the ceiling is amazing!	11
my wife and i were in nyc celebrating our 30th anniversary.	19
i'm glad i was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in ny.	20
and at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.	12
and at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.	3
not a small feat for good french food in the area.	5
the space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.	9
food was average but tasty.	5
we come from new jersey to eat at kinoko.	19
big wong gets big ups for a fine establishment.	11
will never be back.	18
the entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.	3
i highly recommend it.	20
oh and it's too tiny for families with strollers.	9
the staff was the friendliest that have seen in new york.	14
with the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.	4
the pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, i've had better thai food in less aesthetically pleasing places.	4
delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	5
delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	17
delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	9
my picks: guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).	5
overall, i'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its chinatown.	17
overall, i'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its chinatown.	19
admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm, but the open kitchen is part of the charm.	10
my six year old loved it.	20
pizza was a little soggy.	3
the food includes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaat, as well as other great indian appetizers.	5
the singapore mai fun had no curry flavor whatsoever.	3
the only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.	12
the wine list is interesting and has many good values.	5
murray won't do it.	12
i'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.	3
this restaurant used to be our regular thursday night dinner location.	19
definite go if you're used to good indian restaurant food from abroad.	5
thr atmosphere is compact, modern, yet cozy.	11
by far, the best pizza in manhattan.	5
decent thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little nolita hangout, but service terrible.	5
decent thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little nolita hangout, but service terrible.	12
decent thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little nolita hangout, but service terrible.	10
most people eat there seem to be typical upper east side snobs, so be aware.	9
the waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away.	12
the food is mostly made from scratch, fresh and well prepared.	5
worse of all, $60 was erroneously added to our $80 bill.	12
too cold to enjoy.	9
no more reservations, expensive tips and annoying stuff.	14
try the sea bass.	5
$20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality. i even took a friend here from japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the us that he has been to.	5
$20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality. i even took a friend here from japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the us that he has been to.	17
i brought some buddies from ca and they loved it.	20
inside is a little cramped, but to be expected.	10
sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.	15
sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.	4
during our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.	14
but they don't have a toaster, which is strange.	12
so, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.	5
so, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.	9
the menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.	4
a must for all the dosa lovers.	5
the portions are huge, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.	5
the appetizers are just ok and the main courses were decidedly subpar.	3
someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.	3
the exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.	5
the staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table.	14
if you are a vegetarian, this really isn't a good place to go.	18
try the mediterranean salad, it is a true experience for your taste buds!!	5
i'm sure i'll return for a final judgment tho.	19
of course, it is crowded but who cares.	10
this quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my manhattan restaurant list.	20
i've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.	20
people are always friendly.	14
the cream cheeses are out of this world and i love that coffee!!	5
from the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.	5
hmmm.	19
service was prompt and courteous.	14
it was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap (undercooked) beef.	3
chance is a small cozy restaurant, with a romantic feel to it, the decor is great.	11
it was nice and fresh, but i can't give it high scores on being authentic thai.	4
overall, worth every penny.	17
when i called this morning, i didn't think i would be able to get in at 12, but i was able to get in, along with four other guests.	19
got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.	12
only wine and beer are served, but the house varieties are actually quite good.	5
this place must have cost the owners a fortune to build.	18
my mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant.	5
i haven't been to the other locations.	19
oh, and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough- yummy!	5
people dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans.	10
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap.	5
knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.	12
knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.	3
we were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.	19
decent wine selection too.	5
go with a group of friends and you will have a great time.	20
it saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.	19
i have to say i have never had a disappointing meal here.	5
it's one of our favorite places to eat in ny.	20
the place does get crowded, so i recommend going between 4-5 pm.	10
mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and pancetta (radicchio was kind of bitter though).	4
disappointing food, lousy service.	3
disappointing food, lousy service.	12
i'm from sichuan, this is the restaurant i recommend going.	20
this lovely french-asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on smith street.	20
if you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.	5
if you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.	14
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.	5
but this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they're doing.	20
over price, and small portions .	3
over price, and small portions .	15
meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.	5
meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.	14
but i'd go back	20
stepped on my foot on the second time he reached over me to adjust lighting.	12
the food was well prepared and the service impeccable.	5
the food was well prepared and the service impeccable.	14
but their best dish is the thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.	5
but their best dish is the thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.	17
good, dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch.	11
my husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.	3
but the thai is definitely not great -- bland and undistinguished.	3
this thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from sripraphai (another delicious thai restaurant).	19
great for groups, great for a date, great for early brunch or a nightcap.	11
authentic shanghai style and i cannot recommend a better shanghai place in new york.	11
our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.	14
perhaps the last reviewer (who stated she was treated with attitude) lives in a parallel universe because i have never had anything but a perfect experience at yasuda.	19
that said, i thought scalini fedeli was one of the best dining experiences i've ever had.	20
everything about this restaurant was special.	20
because we didn't have a reservation, we could only sit in the back garden, but it was great, secluded and perfect in nice weather.	11
stuffing yourself with japanese food is a rare thing.	4
i try my best to give an accurate description of any establishment visited.	19
while the food was good (certainly no il mulino) the service was horrendous.	5
while the food was good (certainly no il mulino) the service was horrendous.	12
it is expensive but well worth the money.	16
service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.	12
our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.	11
i would recommend reservations on weekends though.	19
there are many thai places in the city but so far toons is #1.	20
great pizza for lunch place.	5
the food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.	5
the food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.	15
i don't think i would go again.	18
we were a group of 8 and well served.	14
we were a group of 8 and well served.	19
and that's no mean feat.	19
i often go there to eat with my family.	19
i wish they would change back to what it was before.	18
the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the staff are all totally japanese.	5
the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the staff are all totally japanese.	14
the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the staff are all totally japanese.	11
no pizza 33 for me!	18
i love their spicy scallop roll, and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken.	5
i'm no food critic, but i'd like to think i have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in ny for the last 11 years.	19
i noted it was crossed off on the bill.	19
needless to say, i'm never going back and you should be wary too.	18
best dish is nori-wrapped tuna.	5
the food was absolutely amazing!!	5
some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.	12
an excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.	3
an excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.	20
mermaid inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.	20
mermaid inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.	5
i work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time.	19
i went here with my boyfriend and another couple.	19
the staff is also attentive and friendly.	14
the all you can eat deal is truly amazing here.	17
that is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.	3
that is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.	15
this is definitely a place that provides the best experience, though, to both a-listers and people walking in off the street.	20
they were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.	3
they were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.	15
first it took us a long time to find the place.	18
all of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!	5
all of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!	17
it is about food and ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.	3
it is about food and ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.	9
the food was good too.	5
we have tried every thai restaurant between atlantic avenue and 4th streets, and joya is the best.	20
immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.	12
the dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!	11
admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in new york or anywhere in the us.	5
i am a die hard peep lover.	20
once you become a regular, you are treated as one.	14
the menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them.	5
everyone treats you like you were part of the family.	14
the white bean bruschetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal.	5
the rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats.	4
the menu is nothing like the one on the website.	3
great food, great lay out and awesome service.	5
great food, great lay out and awesome service.	14
great food, great lay out and awesome service.	11
ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.	12
sea has become so popular that they've let it go to their heads.	18
we walked in on a wednesday night and were seated promptly.	14
chennai garden is my favorite indian restaurant in the city.	20
the wait staff is very friendly, they make it feel like you're eating in a friendly little european town.	14
oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister restaurant arties cafe.	20
(besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city).	20
my roommate and i love this place.	20
the staff are all very busy, it's not outstanding service, but i've never been dealt with rudely.	13
i have lived in japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in japan.	5
i have lived in japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in japan.	11
not worth it.	18
in the evening, this place attracted a well dressed, with it, ny crowd.	19
they have it all -- great price, food, and service.	5
they have it all -- great price, food, and service.	14
they have it all -- great price, food, and service.	17
so close, but not good enough.	19
this was on a tuesday night.	19
its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car (i happen to live in inwood).	18
the flavors are great, and the menu is extensive.	5
the food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!	5
the food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!	14
the food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!	11
this place has the best interior i have seen anywhere in the northside of w'burg, and will impress whoever you bring there.	11
the food has been consistent for years and it never lets you down.	5
i found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy.	5
and forget what you read under me, the atmosphere isn't that bad either.	10
don't waste your time, or money!!	18
they don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.	18
we couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.	12
sometimes i get good food and ok service.	5
sometimes i get good food and ok service.	13
we just ate at kai and were disappointed.	18
it's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.	4
it's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.	9
it's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.	15
this was a great surprise.	20
after complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.	12
after complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.	3
the food was spicy and delicious.	5
i went with my fiance on a tuesday evening.	19
a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.	16
a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.	5
it was wonderful.	20
went for a late weekday lunch.	19
i just don't understand all the hype.	18
bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.	12
anyways, if you're in the neighborhood to eat good food, i wouldn't waste my time trying to find something, rather go across the street to tamari.	3
dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet.	4
although the place could be a little more eye catching and roomier, at the same time, it doesn't really matter.	10
you can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation.	9
this was my first time at cafe st. bart's and i must say how delicious the food and the service was.	5
this was my first time at cafe st. bart's and i must say how delicious the food and the service was.	14
i don't get it either.	18
went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers.	19
great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work.	5
it's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).	3
one would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.	12
one of my favorite places in manhattan.	20
they brought glasses and the bottle, and just left the bottle at our table.	12
we actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	4
we actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	13
we actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	15
we were looking forward to nice glass of sangria when we arrived.	5
i would highly recommend requesting a table by the window.	20
while we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and slow service) and lack of remorse.	5
while we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and slow service) and lack of remorse.	12
i for one will never patronize them again.	18
i stumbled upon this great pizzeria as i explored my new neighborhood.	20
after hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant, and passing by it on a daily basis, we decided to try.	19
the service, however, was a bright flower in a garden.	14
so, again, give it a try.	20
stay far away from this place.	18
we will come back!!!	20
we've been to grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed.	5
the food is very good too but for the most part, it's just regular food, nothing special.	4
a touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed.	5
tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.	4
we'd go back again	20
we ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.	11
the location is perfect.	11
guacamole shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the fillet, very good, didn't much like the fries that came with, but the fillet was so good, neither of us cared.	4
the lunch special is an absolute steal.	17
this food is asian-air fusion.	4
nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.	5
nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.	17
the chicken pot pie is exceptional, the cheeseburger huge and delectable, and the service professional wan warm.	5
the chicken pot pie is exceptional, the cheeseburger huge and delectable, and the service professional wan warm.	14
while i quite liked the food and the ambience, i'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the michelin rating they have displayed so proudly in the window.	4
while i quite liked the food and the ambience, i'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the michelin rating they have displayed so proudly in the window.	10
i'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning.	20
but on a lazy saturday night, we ended up going.	19
there are a few italian employees who may not speak the best english but for me that adds to the experience.	13
i have never eaten in the restaurant, however, upon reading the reviews i got take out last week.	19
once for dinner and once for brunch.	19
i've been to at cafe spice probably 5-8 times, it is probably still the best indian restaurant around union square.	20
not worth the prices.	15
would recommend - perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central.	20
from the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just fantastic.	14
service was good and food is wonderful.	5
service was good and food is wonderful.	14
i only have friends.	19
she gets 10 for her excellent service and advice.	14
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal	10
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal	5
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods, indian included, i made friends with this place long ago.	5
please save yourself the frustration.	18
and i say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner.	10
the quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!	5
the quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!	11
i have eaten at saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.	5
i have eaten at saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.	19
(always ask the bartender for the seasonal beer!!!	5
if your visiting, you'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it's in time sq.	11
we were on our way back to nj, and since i am in ny, we figured why not grab some food?	19
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective!	17
and comparing it to the chinatown restaurants is simply not fair.	19
service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.	4
service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.	13
love the atmosphere - felt like i was in paris.	11
every course was better than the next.	5
not cheap, but not that expensive either.	16
the staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.	14
if presentation and service is your thing, then this magic show works.	14
apparently, the good cook works then.	5
i was pleasantly suprised.	20
the yellowtail was particularly good as well.	5
one less manhattanite the better.	19
everyone is welcomed in as family.	14
i ate clams oreganata and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil.	5
the menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.	3
spice is sleek, modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet.	11
spice is sleek, modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet.	17
patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.	14
patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.	11
hey, i think $2+ for a 5 block walk ain't bad.	19
very affordable and excellent ambient!	11
very affordable and excellent ambient!	17
look elsewhere.	18
more important, the sushi rivals the best in tokyo.	5
i have never had cheesecake like this.	5
bill a little high, but worth it.	16
i seriously doubt i will ever dine at jimmy's bronx, or for that matter, jimmy's uptown, again.	18
everyone i bring here always loves it.	20
my co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery, only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered.	12
worth a visit.	20
a real disappointment.	18
its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests.	11
why do people rave about the ambience.	9
were meeting up with some friends for a drink at lafayette 161 and happened to walk by thai angel famished.	19
fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.	5
great sushi experience.	5
if you're looking for a great meal at a decent price, go to del frisco's!	5
if you're looking for a great meal at a decent price, go to del frisco's!	17
they charge $6.00 for rice.	15
my steak au poivre was one of the worst i've had.	3
on a recent sunday afternoon, a friend and i accidentally found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play doubt.	20
the owner and staff are all japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.	11
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.	5
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle light, food quality and service overcompensate.	5
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle light, food quality and service overcompensate.	14
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle light, food quality and service overcompensate.	10
the food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).	5
the food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).	14
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable staff, i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.	5
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable staff, i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.	14
i will be going back and heartily recommend it!	20
would definitely visit again.	20
definitely worth the trip to battery park city!	20
perhaps this food is considered extreme to an upper east side resident, but for the rest of us who've actually eaten ethnic food, this is simply dull.	4
the place was real empty but that was because this was the first sunday they ever opened.	10
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.	17
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.	10
ambience is delightful, service impeccable.	14
ambience is delightful, service impeccable.	11
service was excellent, and the ac worked very well too (thank god, it was hot!).	14
service was excellent, and the ac worked very well too (thank god, it was hot!).	11
tasty but expensive.	5
tasty but expensive.	15
you get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice.	14
both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.	5
both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.	14
so i thought why not change it up a bit.	19
my friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great!	5
although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.	16
the staff was accommodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.	5
the staff was accommodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.	14
the staff was accommodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.	11
p.s. please don't tell anyone in my family i eat there.	19
my picks are:  - scallion pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - guizhou chicken  - shredded squid family style (one of my personal favorites)  - sichuan spicy soft shell crab  - shuizhu fish (this one is for hardcore sichuan food fans, i wouldn't recommend to my american friends as it's very spicy.	5
they smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.	3
to celebrate a birthday, three of us went to mare anticipating great food.	19
there was a great deal for 6 blue point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!	17
i really liked the noodle dishes at rice avenue compared to their green curry dish.	4
i went to pams with my girlfriend, and i love it.	20
but for whatever reason, prices are about twice as high.	15
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bagel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overrated and on the pricey side.	19
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bagel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overrated and on the pricey side.	12
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bagel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overrated and on the pricey side.	15
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bagel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overrated and on the pricey side.	3
great atmosphere and worth every bit.	11
we had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant.	18
the spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!	5
the staff was knowledgeable and full of personality.	14
great staff.	14
only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, i'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!	12
only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, i'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!	15
to finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the white chocolate bread pudding with gelato and hot chocolate.	5
the banana tower is an amazing dessert as well.	5
i went there with my friend last saturday.	19
excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.	5
excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.	14
excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.	11
a cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.	5
a cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.	11
great vibe, lots of people.	11
i like mamoun's food as well, but side by side, kati rolls just produce tastier food hands down.	4
just an odd group.	19
the service is a bit slow, but harkens back to my years growing up in napoli, italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night.	13
either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.	9
it is not consistent.	18
but that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing i have ever had.	3
great food and the prices are very reasonable.	5
great food and the prices are very reasonable.	17
wine list is not huge but def well selected.	4
a cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.	5
a cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.	11
be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.	5
the ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.	11
the ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.	14
fresh, authentic, french cuisine in substantial portions.	5
drinks got screwed up, she acted put upon.	12
the one vegetarian entree (abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had winter melon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.	5
at 5 dumplings for $1, you just cannot go wrong.	17
but the pizza is way to expensive.	15
and the staff is also young, energetic and hot!	14
even better, they know how to cook french classics like steak au poivre and onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it.	5
service was decent, but not as smooth as i would expect from a place with these prices and reputation.	13
we had a wonderful meal at naples 45 a month ago on a visit to nyc.	5
good drink.	5
great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massaman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.	5
great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massaman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.	14
great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massaman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.	11
was there friday night.	19
we had a girls' night dinner here for restaurant week.	19
romantic if you want it to be (brightly lit).	11
however, i was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from london noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling.	18
i recommend it!	20
i have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in ny and hooked a few new yorkers onto peep as well.	20
enough said!	19
i don't live in ny but my best friend does.	19
my chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.	3
even though i made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!	20
even though i made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!	11
we did notice however, that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan.	12
i didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.	5
after the review i trekked into brooklyn.	19
the grilled cheese at home afterwards was better!	3
we were pleasantly greeted.	14
the red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside.	9
great service, great food.	5
great service, great food.	14
the food is expensive, but worth every bite.	15
the food is expensive, but worth every bite.	5
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.	4
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.	12
when we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.	12
when we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.	18
in summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of suan)!!!	11
it's the perfect restaurant for ny life style, it got cool design, awesome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar.	5
it's the perfect restaurant for ny life style, it got cool design, awesome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar.	11
recommendations, of course, are required!	19
we did have to wait at the bar for approx.	12
you fellas above says its the best taiwanese restaurant in town.	19
yeah, it's that good.	20
if you love seafood, you would love this place!	5
good, fast service.	14
dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty indian restaurant in the upper east side.	5
dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty indian restaurant in the upper east side.	17
they charge different prices all the time.	15
to dine at thalia can be slightly deceiving because while its beautiful on the outside, its so bland on the inside.	10
i was in love with pongsri on 48th, but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	20
i was in love with pongsri on 48th, but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	12
i was in love with pongsri on 48th, but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	15
my friends and i experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at artisanal last night.	5
my friends and i experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at artisanal last night.	20
i am so coming back here again, as much as i can.	20
i have been going back again and again.	20
it's charmingly small and that leads to an atmosphere that is extremely cozy and romantic, even.	11
it is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with japanese cuisine.	3
in terms of the food itself -- nothing special, we limited ourselves to several appetizers.	4
love the jazz bands on fri and sat.	11
overall, excellent restaurant!	20
to begin, we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave, when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready.	13
the servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait (shortly i might add).	14
the service was ok.	13
when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not mcdonald's, every place makes things differently while it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.	12
when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not mcdonald's, every place makes things differently while it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.	18
i ate here for the first time and absolutely loved it!	20
don't expect to sit down inside though, there are only a few tables and they are always full.	9
the staff is accommodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!	5
the staff is accommodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!	14
the staff is accommodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!	11
the food was delicious (i had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.	5
the food was delicious (i had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.	14
the manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.	12
this is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood.	20
but too far east!	18
satisfying.	20
highly highly highly recommended!	20
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.	5
we took advantage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.	17
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.	14
this place is cool enough to be in the east village, but french enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in paris.	11
we were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry.	19
the staff are attentive, and have smiles on their faces.	14
this is the best shabu-shabu restaurant in the try-state area.	5
no dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy midtown.	11
largest and freshest pieces of sushi, and delicious!	5
even the pasta is delicious here (a rarity in new york pizza restaurants).	5
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.	3
maybe i say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.	19
maybe i say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.	12
maybe i say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.	4
after my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer.	14
this place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the prospect expressway and greenwood cemetery - a wasteland we like to call the sliv.	20
now if they could only get a toaster.	18
you will find yourself returning quite often.	20
when he's not making authentic neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.	14
when he's not making authentic neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.	5
wait staff is blatantly unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws!	5
wait staff is blatantly unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws!	12
the ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at joe's.	5
fish is so very fresh.	5
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food.	17
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food.	14
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food.	5
go only if you are already in the neighborhood and don't want to bother going farther for a better place.	18
top spot in town for vietnamese classics, better than places that cost a lot more.	5
top spot in town for vietnamese classics, better than places that cost a lot more.	17
less wait time for me!	14
this was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.	5
this was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.	11
the decor is really blah, and not at all hip or happening.	9
having discovered ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.	19
having discovered ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.	11
you cannot go wrong at the red eye grill.	20
it appears to be the owner's first venture and it shows.	18
i come from a family of pizzeria owners, and i'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in fornino's blows my families receipts away.	5
i go twice a month!	19
we ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the thai section of the menu but nothing we got was thai.	3
they have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.	5
the lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with scallops and shrimp is great.	5
the food was authentic.	5
the dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.	5
the dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.	17
i only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce, but it actually faired better than most nyc italian joints i've tried similar dishes at.	5
the worst excuse for japanese food i've ever encountered.	18
a million better places to go in the city.	18
if celebrities make you sweat, then your in for a ride, but if your like most around these parts then you'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype.	19
okay, i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.	3
i ordered a chicken teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.	3
i love it.	20
if you want something really different than try jekyll and hyde.	20
we had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.	12
we had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.	18
we had pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.	5
its located in greenwich village.	19
there is no excuse for such lousy service!	12
three strikes and this restaurant is out.	18
we bring in a party of ten or so every week.	19
my boyfriend had the new england chowder it was good but i think the award should go to the lobster bisque.	5
so, a little inconsistency there but either way, both pizzas were really good.	4
overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.	5
overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.	15
we would return to this place again!	20
not enough wines by the glass either.	3
i had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.	5
i must say it's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view.	15
these innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible.	5
just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.	9
no gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.	5
we were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.	20
we were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.	14
my wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.	5
everything i had was good, and i'm a eater.	5
one should not go to lucky strike for the food.	3
the service is awful--the last time i was there (and i do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.	12
we could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.	4
we could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.	19
to me it exemplifies soho, cute, artsy, interesting.	11
try everything for that matter, it is all good.	5
both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).	12
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone.	20
i've been eating at taj mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the indian eateries on this block of indian restaurants.	20
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.	14
try the green curry!!!	5
we had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.	5
we were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.	14
you rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (massaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.	5
you rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (massaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.	14
the food there are satisfying.	5
i highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try.	20
i highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!	20
i highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!	5
the bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.	5
i agree.	19
last memorial day, i tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but).	18
last memorial day, i tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but).	12
the food was good.	5
great wine selection, gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.	5
at night, but it's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous.	9
it just wasn't thai.	18
i have enjoyed everything i have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.	5
i have enjoyed everything i have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.	20
i particularly love their yellowfin tuna and their mussel selection.	5
i love to visit murrays for my bagel fix.	20
we made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed, reminds me of my grandfather, its old school italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire.	11
recommended.	20
the place was nice and calm.	11
cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.	5
cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.	17
i could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out.	3
when we sat, we got great and fast service.	14
most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.	14
i think locals rate this place so high.	19
service is average.	13
but they've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual).	5
go girls!!!	20
they forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.	12
the steak is good, the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great.	5
for asian fusion, there are many places further downtown.	19
old school meets new world.	19
i am reluctant to write because i would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.	20
the service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and i would have rather eaten at a mcdonald's than this joint.	12
the service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and i would have rather eaten at a mcdonald's than this joint.	9
this is probably one of my new favorite places.	20
for being number 1, this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation.	18
for myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occasion, i do prefer smaller, quieter restaurants.	19
for myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occasion, i do prefer smaller, quieter restaurants.	10
the one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side.	19
they all know you.	14
my gf and i still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.	5
my gf and i still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.	11
we ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.	5
the buffet had a nice selection.	5
staff are very friendly.	14
this restaurant is such a great place.	20
once you step into cosette, you're miraculously in a small, off-the-beaten path parisian bistro.	10
i've been several times and am totally smitten.	20
terrible experience.	18
i love the place.	20
service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.	12
will have to return to try the chocolate!	19
it's only $1.95 for a regular slice and $4.00 for a slice with a mushroom, not mushrooms.	17
there is a real gallery of stars that have visited.	10
the food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.	3
the food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.	12
the food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.	9
i really enjoyed the shows put on by the actors.	11
our first time in new york and we had to try a new york bagel.	19
service was efficient courteous.	14
this one is definitely my least favorite.	18
i have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn.	19
the miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.	3
everytime my husband and i go there, we are never disappointed.	20
they are the best bagels i've had.	5
we were not disappointed.	20
i've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not new yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.	19
toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space.	11
$160 for 2 fillets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.	4
$160 for 2 fillets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.	16
while the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.	17
while the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.	5
its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.	11
its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.	5
we arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the past!	18
however, i think this place is a good hang out spot.	11
the menu is prix fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is well worth it superb food.	15
the menu is prix fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is well worth it superb food.	5
rao is a good restaurant, but it's nothing special.	19
the wine list is extensive and impressive.	5
we had the most wonderful waitress.	14
while the staff at this little bistro is very friendly, i have never experienced more incompetency.	13
the quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor.	5
when we left at 8:00 pm, it was packed and noisy.	19
when we left at 8:00 pm, it was packed and noisy.	9
okay, so i never write but there doesn't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning green bo and it's time to speak up - i live in chinatown.	19
the zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.	5
the staff is courteous and friendly.	14
never fails to please.	20
decor is nice though service can be spotty.	14
decor is nice though service can be spotty.	11
aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.	5
aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.	12
will absolutely visit again.	20
make sure you have the spicy scallop roll.	5
i would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.	20
i would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.	17
i would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.	5
and even with it's pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too!	10
this big draw is the all you can sushi here for $19.95!	17
i consider the best grand sichuan restaurant in nyc.	20
we spent 50 $$ definitely will come back with my friends!!!	20
we spent 50 $$ definitely will come back with my friends!!!	17
went to village last night for my birthday.	19
some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.	12
the specials are usually quite good too.	5
they've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.	5
try the chocolate mud cake (warmed) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato.	5
that's good and bad.	19
really cool staff inside.	11
while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.	19
while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.	11
while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.	3
the best burger i have had in the village.	5
we visited orsay during ny restaurant week and tried their $35 menu.	19
i would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space.	5
came here for restaurant week, didn't save much, but it was still great.	19
came here for restaurant week, didn't save much, but it was still great.	16
would never go back there.	18
three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.	19
the blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.	5
the blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.	14
the blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.	11
there is usually a wait but it is well worth it.	19
be careful, when they say spicy, they mean it!	19
your money could easily be better spent elsewhere (anywhere).	18
only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.	12
as always we had a great glass of wine while we waited.	5
bring your appetites.	19
the wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).	14
of course this atmosphere is lacking, but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways?	9
service was very good and warm.	14
for dinner i had the chicken tikka masala and some garlic naan.	4
cornelia street looks like a broadway set for west side story and the inside of po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in nyc.	11
like others have said, don't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes, a busy restaurant may require you to wait.	9
like others have said, don't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes, a busy restaurant may require you to wait.	12
seriously, this place kicks ass.	20
food was good and the view of the new york city skyline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went.	5
food was good and the view of the new york city skyline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went.	11
also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.	3
the food is nothing like its menu description.	3
try the pad see ew or chicken with cashew nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience.	5
it's just o.k. pizza.	4
i loved it and would highly recommend.	20
i've been here twice now.	19
the food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, i thought it was just annoying.	4
the food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, i thought it was just annoying.	10
the best place to bring kids or any friends who want to do something different.	20
the service was a bit slow, but they were very friendly.	13
however, i do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant.	18
it's a small cute restaurant.	11
i will be returning.	20
leon is an east village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic french bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.	5
leon is an east village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic french bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.	11
the food is above average for midtown and slightly better than some of the other heartland breweries in the city.	5
this is a must for anyone who loves shabu-shabu.	5
the food was absolutely horrible!	3
food doesn't appear to be cooked on premises but there's a high turnover so its pretty fresh.	4
restaurant was dirty and unkempt.	9
nice place though.	20
warning: you may find it difficult to dine at other japanese restaurants after a visit to mizu!	20
similar to other indian restaurants, they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door.	19
it is a small restuarant so go early and it will be nice and quiet- go late and it will be packed!	10
the people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak english, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	19
the people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak english, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	12
the people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak english, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	5
the crackling calamari salad, which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants, is crispy and lightly dressed.	5
not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.	4
not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.	17
shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here: simple contract, deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20.	20
the thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy!	5
we've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we've been lucky?	14
drinks way over priced.	15
the main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level.	12
what i didn't like was how the food came right after it was ordered.	3
but warning: to all those that use this site be weary, be very weary of recommendations.	18
moderate prices.	16
we had a great time at the jekyll and hyde pub last night.	20
try it side by side and there's no comparison.	20
i think i've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.	5
my biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well.	4
this tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets, with that certain parisian flair.	10
so sorry i can't rate this better.	19
most importantly, food is excellent.	5
buon appetito!	20
great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.	10
if we were to move from the upper east side, we would genuinely miss this restaurant.	20
the best part of the experience was knowing that the manager (a bubbly, friendly young woman with a great smile) truly cared about how we were doing.	14
ok, for all of us growing up in the village of nyc, we have spoiled by a plethora of restaurants, most of which stay open very late.	19
however, service was as plain as sesame crusted salmon i had.	13
however, service was as plain as sesame crusted salmon i had.	4
i would highly recommend it.	20
it's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.	20
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.	4
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.	12
love this place.	20
so some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise.	19
you get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.	5
you get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.	11
you get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.	17
finally, after all the raving i went to check it out with one of my enthusiastic friends this last saturday night and let me tell you its all its cracked up to be.	20
place should also have a 1,2,3 chili rating to be more authentic.	19
the service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.	12
went last thursday.	19
i love this place more and more everytime i go.	20
i go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try.	20
other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!	5
other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!	10
other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!	15
we only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.	12
saul is the best restaurant on smith street and in brooklyn.	20
waiters are slow but sweet.	13
i have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.	19
we went to ino for valentines.	19
the real kicker of the menu, however, is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass.	5
it was good, but was not what i thought it would be.	19
the music is the best among all the indian restaurants i have visited.	11
the bread and lamb chops i had before the meal were quite good, however.	5
he always says, i don't have customers.	19
rao's has the best service and atmosphere in nyc.	14
rao's has the best service and atmosphere in nyc.	11
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian.	19
good for dates or with friends.	20
they never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.	12
one of the best chicken tikka masala.	5
excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.	5
excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.	11
the kitchen however, is almost always slow.	12
the corned beef and pastrami are excellent, much less fatty than those big tourist places around times square.	5
cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.	14
cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.	11
we had a good time.	20
also, the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected, but a truly above and beyond thing to do.	14
people are rude bit again it's new york!	13
we all felt it was worth it.	17
the plain slice is great and if you get toppings, the whole slice is topped with them, not sparsely sprinkled on like some places.	5
service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.	12
service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.	9
service is great, takeout is good too.	5
service is great, takeout is good too.	14
based on the reviews on here, it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 pm.	19
the pizza is overpriced and soggy.	5
the pizza is overpriced and soggy.	17
everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.	5
everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.	11
you'll pay at least double at any other italian restaurant in the city, and most still don't compare.	17
for the quality of food, a little too expensive.	15
for the quality of food, a little too expensive.	3
came looking for this place because i heard good things.	19
i live on the street this place is on.	19
horrible.	18
here's to the fake fish tanks too.	9
its worth the wait though.	20
i've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.	5
i've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.	14
the first time i went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, i ordered the lobster cobb salad.	4
the first time i went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, i ordered the lobster cobb salad.	11
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute.	11
what an amazing meal and experience!	20
what an amazing meal and experience!	5
unique appetizers.	5
the staff has always been attentive and kind, and i've always been amazed at how they've handled all the various different group sizes that come in.	14
it is the best deal in town for a monday night dinner at a fine restaurant.	17
nothing special about this place.	19
also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.	15
and never strayed.	20
the wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for chinatown) alternative.	11
leave the kids at home!	19
this place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.	18
this place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.	15
this place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.	4
everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.	5
everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.	14
everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.	11
and all of that won't break your bank!	17
the thai food is good.	5
just moved to the neighborhood and we've been trying all the west village sushi restaurants.	19
great selection of wine, and seafood.	5
delicious.	5
acceptable prices.	17
big thumbs up!	20
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda.	19
we have lived in chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant.	19
as i made the title, it's an affordable restaurant for great taste.	5
as i made the title, it's an affordable restaurant for great taste.	17
they even scoop it out nice (for those on a diet) not too much not to little.	14
definitely not worth the price!	15
orsay, is a very pleasant throw back to traditional french food, and french service as well.	5
orsay, is a very pleasant throw back to traditional french food, and french service as well.	14
it's easy to get a table for a large group and you don't get hustled out.	14
great food at reasonable prices.	5
great food at reasonable prices.	17
salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.	5
i ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked thai flavors in unexpected ways.	5
that's why you have to pay more for that.	19
if you've ever been along the river in weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.	19
if you've ever been along the river in weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.	11
i loved it.	20
they're are better taiwanese restaurants and they are located in flushing, queens.	19
the prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.	17
and you can't beat the prices.	17
but i wouldn't wanna live there.	19
arigatou gozaimasu yuka!	19
should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it.	5
i had the black cod with yuzu sauce, which was wonderful.	5
prices too high for this cramped and unappealing restaurant.	15
prices too high for this cramped and unappealing restaurant.	9
tuk tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in brooklyn.	20
this quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip.	20
i knew upon visiting nyc that i wanted to try an orginal deli.	19
i would highly recommend this place!	20
total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.	12
total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.	11
yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.	12
thank you emilio.	20
first of all dal bukhara rocks.	20
everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.	3
everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.	12
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious).	5
it is terrific, as is the value.	5
it is terrific, as is the value.	17
the sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great!	5
downstairs lounge is always a good attraction	11
the menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.	15
the menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.	3
the food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not overbearing or rushed.	5
the food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not overbearing or rushed.	14
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) we got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained empty our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	12
the takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.	14
the food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.	3
off the beaten path, this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street indian restaurants.	20
could be pricey without a prix fixe meal.	15
this is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive.	11
i would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.	20
one of us actually liked the expresso - that's it.	4
everyone was more then happy with his choices.	14
again, the waitress was awesome.	14
worth the trip from manhattan.	20
i loved everything about it, especially the shows and actors.	20
i loved everything about it, especially the shows and actors.	11
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.	5
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.	14
the food was just ok, i would never go back.	4
the food was just ok, i would never go back.	18
zero ambiance to boot.	9
got a little loud after 8pm when the joint got full.	9
scalina fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining.	14
i recommend the thai popcorn :)	5
i can't wait for the next time.	20
everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.	5
everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.	11
as soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out.	12
the paratha and kebab are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed.	5
great neighborhood joint.	20
the tuna and wasabi potatoes are excellent.	5
the only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a relatively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).	12
my fiance took me to scopa last week for my birthday and i couldn't believe the food.	19
my fiance took me to scopa last week for my birthday and i couldn't believe the food.	5
ummm, the beer was cold.	5
i take all my nyc guests to vt's.	20
it is sometimes a little cramped, and can get a little warm, but hello, it's nyc!	10
we had great desserts (including the best cannoli i've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.	5
we had great desserts (including the best cannoli i've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.	14
good crowd, good outdoor seating, with a hip japanese vibe.	11
even with the prix fixe pricing, this restaurant is not worth it.	18
we asked to be moved (which took half an hour), and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back, even though the rest of the room was practically empty.	12
good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off, like in this case.	20
however, their popularity has yet to slow down, and i still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.	20
however, their popularity has yet to slow down, and i still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.	11
where tanks in other chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.	5
where tanks in other chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.	11
the halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.	3
the halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.	12
the view is spectacular, and the food is great.	5
the view is spectacular, and the food is great.	11
the place wasn't too hard to find, but it was kind of packed, as soon as my boyfriend and i got our food, the line reached the door.	19
the place wasn't too hard to find, but it was kind of packed, as soon as my boyfriend and i got our food, the line reached the door.	10
good bagels and good cream cheese.	5
the food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.	5
the food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.	14
it is also extremely well priced.	17
always great service!	14
i am happy i did the food was awesome.	5
i have been in many restaurants all over the city and roth's steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites.	20
we ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.	3
a bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.	19
a bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.	9
i went to df for valentines day dinner.	19
i recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.	5
i loved the shows.	20
i loved the shows.	11
and i have been around the block, to say the very least.	19
we could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.	5
the aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.	9
then, get ripped on free box wine.	5
then, get ripped on free box wine.	17
my wife and i ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.	5
my wife and i ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.	20
if you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.	3
if you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.	12
the food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.	4
the food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.	12
the pizza is yummy and i like the atmosphere.	5
the pizza is yummy and i like the atmosphere.	11
as there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticing many empty seats ,except at taj mahal.	19
also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.	3
also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.	12
give it a try and enjoy.	20
and that's saying a lot.	19
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.	3
the pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy italian cheese that i'd never heard of before.	5
the only thing i could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table.	18
if your into thai, you cannot miss this great restaurant.	20
going to ballato's is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen, an absolute delight!	20
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.	5
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.	16
however, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!	11
however, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!	3
i think this is one of the more underrated places in the city.	20
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location!	20
everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends.	20
food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	4
food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	12
i go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed.	20
obviously the chinese translation of this place does not mean big wong, it actually means great prosperity.	19
i think the restaurant was too loud (when full) to be romantic.	9
i have had so many dinners here and it's always been perfect - on a date with my husband, with my mom, with girlfriends and larger groups.	20
when you want a piece of beef, head on over.	5
delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.	5
incredible food at a very agreeable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic thai restaurant.	5
incredible food at a very agreeable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic thai restaurant.	17
i actually gave patroon another chance before writing this, but the second visit was even worse.	18
also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!	19
also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!	14
unbelievable.	20
a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning!	15
a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning!	20
i've been living in the columbia university area for about 10 years with 3 kids - now in their teens.	19
the menu has lots of options: i hope to go back to try those potato pancakes.	5
as soon as i wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how i will be getting to fried dumpling.	20
the staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and i am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.	12
the staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and i am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.	20
my wife and i will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.	20
my wife and i will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.	5
this restaurant was way overhyped.	18
i've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and i've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.	12
i've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and i've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.	18
delicious crab cakes too.	5
now at the top of our list, del frisco's steakhouse.	20
i cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.	20
this was the worst dining experience i've ever had.	18
i have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at la lanterna.	14
just bring someone who speaks cantonese because waiter may not understand you.	12
i thought i had died and gone to heaven.	20
not someplace i would seek to try out but if i am in the area again, i will certainly stop by.	19
the bruschetta and panini's are so yummy!	5
food was okay, nothing great.	4
every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair.	18
i have been going there since it opened and i can't get enough.	20
always popular, always full, always a wait.	10
in fact, you can't miss it.	20
i recently tried suan and i thought that it was great.	20
a little noise but i think that was because of our party!	10
it is run by the same sichuan chef who started the chain in chinatown.	19
get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago.	19
if the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items bbq-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.	3
i can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.	11
best pastrami i ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.	5
if you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share, kai may not be the best option.	4
go here for the drinks!	5
i don't get it, what's so special about prune ?	18
i'd definitely recommend this little place.	20
again, if you are in this neighborhood - by all means, come here.	20
the first 2 courses were very good, but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet.	4
butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.	3
we had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning.	14
do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe's to eat here.	20
it cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.	9
i have eaten at shabu tatsu at least 5 times and i always want to go back for more!	20
we were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.	3
authentic pakistani food.	5
the staff has always been friendly without seeming grating, and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions.	14
get it together.	18
the eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meat sauce.	5
the eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meat sauce.	20
quality ingredients preparation all around, and a very fair price for nyc.	5
quality ingredients preparation all around, and a very fair price for nyc.	17
service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.	14
my entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.	3
we began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.	4
in such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch, this place is great.	20
its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.	4
in fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and i couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.	18
in fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and i couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.	3
even though the restaurant was packed, we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems.	14
if you want americanized chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.	18
if you want americanized chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.	3
the bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.	5
service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, i'm willing to overlook it.	13
service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, i'm willing to overlook it.	17
service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, i'm willing to overlook it.	5
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	5
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	16
the service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	5
the service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	14
the service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	11
a word to the wise - the hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is the cleanest restaurant in town.	20
a word to the wise - the hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is the cleanest restaurant in town.	11
an excellent service	14
the food however, is what one might expect.	4
i love their thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the must!	5
i must give it yon out of yon stars!	20
the pizza was really good.	5
the only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting, the additional menu items are only written in chinese.	18
food is average, and i would say even the chain restaurant baluchi's tastes better.	3
the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.	5
the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.	9
the food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.	5
a little crowded but they move that line really fast!	14
a little crowded but they move that line really fast!	9
enjoy!!!	20
kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgettable sandwich and they give you plenty of them.	5
kudos to po!	20
the entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.	11
my boyfriend and i were in ny for a few days and pastis was a place that came recommended.	19
the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.	14
the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.	17
the food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.	5
the food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.	12
the bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that i will never go back.	12
their sushi, kamikaze and other rolls are fresh and well presented.	5
for authentic thai food, look no further than toons.	5
it's true, you feel like your in a scene from goodfellas.	10
i read the other review and have to say i had the opposite experience here last sunday.	19
the highlight of the night was the mayonnaise for my side of fries i received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.	3
the highlight of the night was the mayonnaise for my side of fries i received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.	15
i choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.	5
if anyone has doubt of not knowing enough about wines,please check their wine list.	5
never again!	18
the only concern i have is with the slightly all business staff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.	12
have the iced tea.	5
for park avenue i expected so much more.	18
small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasn't impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.	4
so rude.	18
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!	3
the ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date.	11
they are fast.	14
it is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.	10
the food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings i've had.	5
the food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings i've had.	17
there are much better places in ny with better prices.	18
there are much better places in ny with better prices.	15
very neighborhoody, very quick and sufficient.	11
obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so many different varieties.	5
i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.	3
i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.	15
everything is delicious, though, my gf and i come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!	20
everything is delicious, though, my gf and i come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!	5
and i could do without the cigar smoke.	9
still, try it once, since if you end up loving the food, it could be one of your best dining experiences.	20
i've waited over one hour for food.	12
other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.	5
the ambience is very calm and quiet.	11
both times i was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.	12
stay away from the latter since you won't go for seconds (hint hint).	3
not only does make the best pizza in ny , maybe anywhere.	5
the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i've had at this price range.	5
the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i've had at this price range.	17
price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.	3
price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.	15
our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine.	14
the place is a bistro which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	5
the place is a bistro which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	14
the place is a bistro which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	11
this is one of the best comfort food places in the city.	5
overall, the ingredients and technique are there and i am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.	5
overall, the ingredients and technique are there and i am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.	20
i had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.	5
though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atmosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.	10
the fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.	3
considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.	15
considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.	3
this is the pinnacle of indian fast food (all fast foods in my opinion).	5
besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.	12
we do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore.	19
the wine list is also really nice.	5
i thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.	20
i plan on stopping by next week as well.	20
service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	5
service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	14
service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	17
compared to ess-a, tal offers a less doughy bagel!	4
ballato's is consistently delicious authentic italian food.	5
the service was attentive, yet discreet.	14
as a retired hipster, i can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year lucky strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.	20
for those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more.	9
for those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more.	15
then, if they answer the phone, you're lucky if they don't hang up on you!	12
they offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.	4
they offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.	15
we went to eat at the jekyll and hyde restaurant on friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.	5
we went to eat at the jekyll and hyde restaurant on friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.	20
we went to eat at the jekyll and hyde restaurant on friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.	11
the food was pretty traditional but it was hot and good with large portions.	5
highly recommended to all!	20
highly recommended.	20
unless you are eating in the pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.	18
you have to increase the service a lot.	12
ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.	9
i must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.	3
they were very abrupt with me when i called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.	12
after we got our sashimi order, i could not believe how small the portions were!	3
after the main course came, we didn't see our waiter for at least 40 minutes!	12
it will be on my to do list the next visit to nyc.	20
nothing better than buying a snapple for $3.25 too.	17
when family came in he gave them apps to test their places, and then ordered for them.	13
i was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in hoboken.	20
service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy soho into queens.	14
service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy soho into queens.	11
the dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally i'd drink popcorn topping before i'd eat another one of these.	3
the service was excellent and the food was delicious.	5
the service was excellent and the food was delicious.	14
if i wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers i'd go out in manhattan.	18
if i wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers i'd go out in manhattan.	9
after a seafood craving, i checked citysearch and chose to go to fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info.	19
right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city.	11
until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating.	12
always fresh and delicious.	5
the food was very good, but not very thai.	4
thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	3
thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	14
the fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.	5
this is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!	20
this is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!	11
this is a fun restaurant to go to.	20
the massaman curry that i ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that i ordered in it, they graciously provided me with one piece of poorly cooked potato.	3
had a late night dinner on a saturday night.	19
a restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.	5
a restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.	14
a restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.	11
their sake martini is wonderful.	5
well, this place is so ghetto its not even funny.	9
bravissimo !!	20
once they ran out of gnocchi and made it for me from scratch!	20
we would like to thank marcelo and grace for a wonderful dining experience!!!	20
found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.	14
found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.	20
when i arrived at orsay i was thrown back, in a very good sense.	20
bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!	4
this is the cheers of new york, whether you've ever been there or not.	19
it's to die for!	20
cute and decorative.	11
i know this is the case in many nyc eateries, but here, they really cram you in to the point where it's borderline uncomfortable.	9
fine dining restaurant quality.	5
overall a disappointing experience for that price category.	18
overall a disappointing experience for that price category.	15
i've had the lunch buffet at chennai a couple of times, when i have been in the neighborhood.	19
the food was exceptional.	5
you will be satisfied.	20
another great place to take out-of-towners!	20
but, hey, there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in astoria.	19
we were less than impressed.	18
a thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?	18
but still my date was bad	18
would definitely go back again.	20
i have been to rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.	20
the portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.	4
(and i have eaten my share) which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve.	14
sure, the setting is nice.	11
overall a worthwhile experience.	20
the service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	5
the service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	14
the service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	16
had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.	4
had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.	16
it's really a takeaway place, i wouldn't sit if i could take it home.	19
the most fun restaurant i have ever been too!	20
best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!	5
some of the finest latin women you'll see in your life hang out at jimmy's.	11
slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.	3
slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.	15
their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.	5
and it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).	17
nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.	12
i had a great experience.	20
the chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.	3
i recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal.	20
the waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit.	14
the only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar.	13
having been a long time ess-a-bagel fan, i was surpised to find myself return time and time again to murray's.	20
go for it!	20
you can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, la villa can't be beat.	5
you can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, la villa can't be beat.	20
you can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, la villa can't be beat.	17
won't or can't is not in the service directory.	14
i cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.	14
i do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.	19
i do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.	11
to speak of the park side, words can not describe.	19
the red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.	3
the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.	5
the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.	17
saul is pretty good, but definitely not great.	5
i would recommend roxy's for that, but not for their food.	3
i would recommend roxy's for that, but not for their food.	20
we always get a sampling of appetizers and share.	19
overall i was impressed and will return, it's a great qpr (quality to price ratio).	20
overall i was impressed and will return, it's a great qpr (quality to price ratio).	17
it is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, do not pass it up.	19
their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.	5
the puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.	5
the puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.	9
the flavors are very fresh and pretty unobtrusive, nothing flashy.	5
i like cafe noir don't get me wrong, it is just that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!	12
the hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.	3
but $1 for each small piece???	15
our son loves pizza and we have a certified neapolitan pizzaria in our home city (seattle), we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant.	20
big and soft as well as good lunch food.	5
no food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.	19
no food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.	5
i liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant.	5
by far the best salad i have had in a fast food restaurant.	5
suan is a great place that i often take my friends (classmates) too.	20
not a great place for family or general dining.	18
as for the bar, this is another bad idea.	3
their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a special bagel experience.	4
unlike hh up the block, this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for.	5
i thought going to jimmys would give me a real dominican experience.	19
the barbecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry.	5
same owner as the guy who owns typhoon, which is just down the street on st. marks and 1st ave.	19
what generous portions!	5
the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).	4
i was wrong.	18
the wine the service was very good too.	5
the wine the service was very good too.	14
so, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.	5
so, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.	11
the highly spiced chai tea was great too.	5
no plans to return anytime soon.	18
i have been there many times, and food is good and consistent.	5
seriously, this is the best all you can eat in town- as everyone says, the spicy tuna hand rolls are the best- have 4 of these, and you've broken even.	5
there is not a single place in chinatown where you have a nice neighborhood feeling like here.	11
while sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any indian restaurant i have been to in new york city, the food was not what i had hoped for.	3
while sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any indian restaurant i have been to in new york city, the food was not what i had hoped for.	11
i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river seine.	20
i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river seine.	11
i just do not understand what the fuss is all about.	18
the meat dishes were only so-so.	4
his wife tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.	14
his wife tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.	11
we liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit new york.	20
the menu consisted of standard brassiere food, better then places like balthazar etc.	5
i have been a longtime fan of holy basil in the east village, and while i do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, i have been hesitant to be disloyal.	19
i have been a longtime fan of holy basil in the east village, and while i do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, i have been hesitant to be disloyal.	3
but the best part about ls is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the bts.	11
for an untrendy rip-off- eat here.	18
and you're hungry a few hours later.	4
i can't wait to go back.	20
i hate hate hate this place.	18
we even had a visit from the manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.	20
we even had a visit from the manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.	14
the staff there is very attentive and down to earth.	14
you don't go to mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	5
you don't go to mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	12
you don't go to mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	11
the service is always bad though, don't expect much of anything from your server, and i would not recommend bringing a date here either.	12
monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus three glasses of wine paired with each course.	17
wonderful!	20
it took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses.	12
the service is descent even when this small place is packed.	14
this is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.	5
go hungry and enjoy.	20
i have eaten a lot of pizza here.	19
this place is worth an one-hour drive.	20
great value for the quality ingredients.	5
great value for the quality ingredients.	17
the thali was small, thoroughly unremarkable, and $14.95.	3
the thali was small, thoroughly unremarkable, and $14.95.	15
the sushi is also great!	5
from the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langoustine entree to a dessert that i can't remember because of the fabulous cakebread cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.	5
truly the mark of an attentive waiter.	14
the food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.	5
the food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.	12
i got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.	5
the staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excellent recommendations.	14
the makhani was ok --the korma was bland.	3
the food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring.	5
all i can say is wow!	20
though the service could be better (possibly due to more than one very large group in the house), it is very cordial and warm, as is the general clientele.	13
though the service could be better (possibly due to more than one very large group in the house), it is very cordial and warm, as is the general clientele.	10
the decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the east village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.	11
this is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together.	19
this is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together.	11
the lox is always fresh too.	5
sure enough, exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly.	14
service was very friendly.	14
so all i'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant i've ever been to.	5
so all i'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant i've ever been to.	20
food was ok - fish was cooked well.	5
we actually left hungry and went across the street to wo hop at 15 mott street for some good chinese food.	18
we actually left hungry and went across the street to wo hop at 15 mott street for some good chinese food.	5
the duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.	5
the whole set up is truly unprofessional and i wish cafe noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.	12
the service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but i have never been treated rudely.	13
the staff offers impeccable service.	14
the catch is that you are charged extra for anything that you leave on your plate so don't be a greedy pig!	18
the catch is that you are charged extra for anything that you leave on your plate so don't be a greedy pig!	15
we ended our great experience by having gulab jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.	5
wont come back again for sure!	18
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family.	19
this place doesn't compare with mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consistent quality, but that's just my opinion.	3
this place doesn't compare with mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consistent quality, but that's just my opinion.	15
the place is sleek, modern and playful and i will return again frequently.	11
i have known about this secret for the last 13 years, emilio(the godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.	17
i have known about this secret for the last 13 years, emilio(the godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.	5
the brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.	5
after being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.	18
after being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.	12
and the bill was outrageous.	15
the service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.	5
the service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.	14
the service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.	17
kind, attentive wait staff.	14
bon appetite!!	20
salads were fantastic.	5
the owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.	5
the owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.	14
la rosa waltzes in, and i think they are doing it the best.	20
the food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.	5
the food is authentic italian - delicious!	5
a great addition to smith street: finally, a place that's not pretentious and filled with women wearing ugg boots.	20
skip dessert.	3
we spent $200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed.	18
we spent $200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed.	15
it is simply amazing.	20
i complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted.	19
it was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool.	12
i liked this place the first time but doubt i will ever return.	18
the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.	14
the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.	11
a great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from costco and sell it right outside for only $2.50.	19
it's all about the food !!	5
fast service.	14
skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.	18
the staff is excellent, special: that girl behind the bar, european chic.	14
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.	5
the service was bad, the food took to forever to come, we sat on the upper level.	12
we a menu that rarely changes, except for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in their food in evident.	5
always full with tourists (especially because of it's close proximity to rockefeller center).	10
the decor is nice, but more casual than fine dining.	10
this restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.	20
this restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.	17
bravo, blue hill!	20
conveniently located too, being right on bedford ave.	20
my friends and i came across this place while walking in the village.	19
bottom line: b+ for the food, f for the service.	5
bottom line: b+ for the food, f for the service.	12
the only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.	14
this place is to be avoided.	18
stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.	3
stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.	15
the service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.	14
the service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.	11
my sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who don't know what they are doing.	18
we, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.	12
at 6:30, we were the third party there.	19
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.	5
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.	11
i will definitely be going back.	20
no, really.	19
the food is good, but very expensive for the casualness of it.	4
the food is good, but very expensive for the casualness of it.	15
the only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.	15
i've been to naples 45 for dinner twice.	19
the hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.	3
i love the pictures of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place (he painted the ballato's sign in the window).	11
try sashimi cucumber roll.	5
i'm saving up for my next visit.	20
the food is delicious.	5
their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.	5
their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.	17
this place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.	14
this place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.	11
amma is nothing special.	18
yeah shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.	19
yeah shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.	4
believe us, we've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs.	19
worth it for a special occasion, or any time!	20
the atmosphere is much better than sripraphai (more modern and sleek).	11
i recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady.	20
the food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.	5
the food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.	14
the bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.	5
i had a late dinner at lucky stike, a great name for a joint if ever i saw one.	19
been there, done that, and new york, it's not that big a deal.	19
definitely a once a year treat that i look forward to around the holidays!	20
service is fast and friendly.	14
from an english speaking staff.	19
anyhow, we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat, which was nice.	11
and they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world!	5
a definitely must visit.	20
my husband and i enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full.	5
i went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.	19
i went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.	12
we all ate pasta entree, which were great.	5
my friends and i showed up on a sat.	19
the steak was excellent and one of the best i have had (i tasted the butter initially but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).	5
great experience overall.	20
perfect for dates!	11
the food was boring and expensive.	3
the food was boring and expensive.	15
the ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.	11
terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.	5
the service is ok but could be better.	12
we love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!	5
we love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!	11
i was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.	18
i was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.	12
(i've ordered from the 2nd ave.	19
nothing against a good sales call, but the tactics at amma are just too obvious.	12
went on a 3 day oyster binge, with fish bringing up the closing, and i am so glad this was the place it o trip ended, because it was so great!	20
took my mom for mother's day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.	12
took my mom for mother's day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.	18
my husband and i have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.	19
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!	5
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!	14
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!	11
if the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.	10
if you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.	5
if you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.	17
however, for what we spent, overall, it just was not up to par.	15
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.	14
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.	11
a friend from seattle and i went on a thursday night around 8:30.	19
when i lived upstate for a while i would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.	5
i recommend their pad see ew, pork chops or tofu plates.	5
never in my life did i think that i could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in nyc.	5
never in my life did i think that i could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in nyc.	17
this is the best secret place in midtown', i heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last tuesday.	5
the service was excellent - friendly and attentive.	14
the main course had an average portion, and was decent overall.	5
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.	20
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.	11
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.	13
just remember, the later you go, the longer you may have to wait.	19
staff is great, very attentive.	14
i live in the neighborhood and am a regular.	20
the dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well.	5
it is what modern cuisine is all about.	20
in any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.	20
in any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.	15
i definitely will go back.	20
i don't like indian food too much and this was delicious, however you want to factor that into the equation.	5
at taj, vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven.	5
forget the rush and the wait and the noise (which isn't actually that bad), i mean please, who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic?	10
having hunted around for a quiet, romantic, yet not hideously expensive restaurant i stumbled across reviews for la lanterna and gave it a shot.	19
i've never been disappointed.	20
i won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.	15
we live in new jersey and whenever we go into new york city we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze (they told me that if i call in the order, they'd bring it out to the car so i wouldn't have to look for parking).	14
from the street it looks very hidden, and is actually an old warehouse.	19
jimmy's is hands down the hottest night spot in the bronx.	11
and i would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their achilles' heel.	12
my boyfriend and i have been to the minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed.	20
the $300 bill was a bit steep, but the experience was great.	15
i wouldn't mind going back some time, but not before trying others nearby.	19
nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, francois, and good service.	14
nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, francois, and good service.	11
i found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons.	20
the calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.	5
i would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.	5
for some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening, i don't understand why but we had a blast and will definitely go back the next time we are in the area.	20
simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions.	5
but i just would like to say i read the reviews people left and thats why i checked it out.	19
stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.	3
i've eaten at pizza gruppo a few times, but more often i order delivery.	19
we didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.	12
beautiful experience.	20
the bagels are also reasonably priced for nyc.	17
if you can handle that, it's a great place for a business dinner, fun with friends or simply a table for 2.	20
decor leaves something to be desired.	9
jimmy is dominican!	19
also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.	4
our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	14
our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	11
our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	15
our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	3
coming from boston this place is like emma's pizza in kendall square in cambridge (although they have more funky toppings!)	19
when my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more) i can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget if you never go, you'll miss a meal of your life time	5
when my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more) i can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget if you never go, you'll miss a meal of your life time	20
when my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more) i can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget if you never go, you'll miss a meal of your life time	17
in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.	13
i've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when i'm craving for pho, lemon grass chicken or beef cube on rice, this is the place to go.	5
oh yes, and if you are a fan of indian oldies film stars, there are plenty of portraits of indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls, some of which, i would love to know where they obtained.	11
the food is spectacular, from the appetizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (wow) you'll need no more.	5
the neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead.	18
my fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce.	5
if you are in search of the most authentic nyc deli experience look no further than the famous and historic katz's deli down on the lower east side.	20
even upon delivery, their juicy pork buns are quite good . .	5
this is also where i was from.	19
everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table.	19
average to good thai food, but terrible delivery.	5
average to good thai food, but terrible delivery.	12
the space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.	19
the space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.	11
the entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.	12
the entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.	9
joe's pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up.	20
i in all reality felt as if i had just gotten off air france and was in the 8th district in paris.	11
i have never had anything like it!	20
yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously, but it shouldn't.	19
and they provided a delicious dessert on the house!	5
and they provided a delicious dessert on the house!	17
and they provided a delicious dessert on the house!	14
they are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine, so if you want to make a reservation you are limited.	12
the food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.	5
food was very good, but not what i would consider out of this world.	5
i had lobster bisque it has 2 oz. of maine lobster in it.	5
i am indian, and i have tried many indian places in ny.	19
try the pad thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!	5
try the pad thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!	17
on a recent saturday night, i was with a group of 5 at the bread bar.	19
food is great and inexpensive.	5
food is great and inexpensive.	17
the price very reasonable.	17
dessert - can't be missed, so save room!!!	5
it can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order, but once the food is ordered, you are in for a treat.	5
take a good sense of humor,an american express card with no limit, walk out with a lollipop,gift bag in hand and enough marketing materials for alain to to take the show on the road	15
ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.	5
it was so bad i actually refused to pay for my food.	18
it was so bad i actually refused to pay for my food.	3
i recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices.	20
i recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices.	5
i recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices.	17
this is, by far, my favorite restaurant in nyc and i only wish it were more affordable so i could go more often!	20
this is, by far, my favorite restaurant in nyc and i only wish it were more affordable so i could go more often!	15
the staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.	5
the staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.	14
the staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.	11
i love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingredients makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.	3
the pizza and wine were excellent, the service too, but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	5
the pizza and wine were excellent, the service too, but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	14
the pizza and wine were excellent, the service too, but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	11
the frankenstein show was the best.	20
the waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.	5
the waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.	14
the waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.	17
as a fan of thai, i have tried quite a few different restaurants in nyc and this one was definitely the worst.	18
the service was superb, they treat you like family.	14
we all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, i felt there was more than enough food.	19
we all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, i felt there was more than enough food.	5
it only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table, but standing up wasn't too bad.	14
the menu may be small, but everything on it is delicious.	4
too bad latin quarters closed.	19
they had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice. we had large chunks of burnt rice in our serving bowl.	3
it was divine melts in your mouth.	5
stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and i will be going back frequently.	20
i live a block away and go to patsy's frequently.	19
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but i thought a bit overpriced.	5
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but i thought a bit overpriced.	15
when i visited my friend who lives in the upper eastside, she recommended that we go to this restaurant.	19
warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).	11
we ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.	19
we ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.	14
kudos haru	20
we arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.	19
we arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.	14
i plan on eating here more often.	20
i would definitely go back for a very special occasion, but not for regular fine dining.	19
the well mannered, pleasant staff that tony has in his employ.	14
the flavors robust and subtle.	5
i came here for my friend's birthday and keep coming back ever since.	20
all i can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.	5
all i can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.	17
i would never wait for a table to eat, it just is not that great.	18
we concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake, both were delicious.	5
the counter service is bad.	12
i had a grate time at jekyll and hyde!	20
service here was great, food was fantastic.	5
service here was great, food was fantastic.	14
its a little out of the way if you don't live in the neighborhood, but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are.	19
this is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.	11
and we were thoroughly disappointed.	18
this is the jackel and hideof the restaurants on the ues.	19
the sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect.	5
this is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.	20
this is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.	11
since my first dinner i have had the chance to have brunch at orsay 3x.	19
you will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny.	4
you will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny.	15
you will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny.	9
they have some great entrees here as well.	5
our teenage kids love it, too.	20
the service is not consistently excellent -- just decent.	13
the food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.	5
you guys are awesome!	20
they do cater to american palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!	5
they do cater to american palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!	14
i loved this place!!	20
i had the mango chicken and i can't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beautiful.	5
i care more about the food and ambience.	4
i care more about the food and ambience.	10
oh, but wait, we were out of drinks (which were also delightfully overpriced).	3
oh, but wait, we were out of drinks (which were also delightfully overpriced).	15
avoid at all costs.	18
i would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion!	20
the service is fantastic.	14
i recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon	20
the garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city!	5
food and service was okay.	4
food and service was okay.	13
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends.	11
the lamb meat was undercooked and extremely chewy.	3
the best pad thai i've ever had.	5
over time, the food quality has decreased substantially, it is a lot less crowded than it used to, and the service must definitely be part of the reason.	3
over time, the food quality has decreased substantially, it is a lot less crowded than it used to, and the service must definitely be part of the reason.	12
great pizza and fantastic service.	5
great pizza and fantastic service.	14
we were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.	12
i would just ask for no oil next time.	19
while this is a pretty place in that overly cute french way, the food was insultingly horrible.	3
while this is a pretty place in that overly cute french way, the food was insultingly horrible.	11
i went there for lunch and it was not as good as i expected from the reviews i read.	18
i really didn't know what to expect for a restaurant that literally overlooks the main hall of grand central.	19
none of that yucky whipped stuff.	5
the wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.	3
i ordered a lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it.	12
their coffee is quite good too!	5
i would not recommend this place to anyone.	18
great wine list (italian), good food, service was initially fine.	5
great wine list (italian), good food, service was initially fine.	13
despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.	9
i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.	12
as far as the service goes, the waitresses were not particularly friendly, but they got the job done.	13
they are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret choosing this place, but also become hostile!	12
i had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish ive requested.	12
normally that would be improper, however they were all delicious and my host did not complain.	5
taxan delicious!	5
perhaps it was an off night, but it was surprisingly average for a 9.3 rating.	18
unlike other places in nyc where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably sized portion (and price).	4
unlike other places in nyc where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably sized portion (and price).	17
southern indian cuisine is still there, too.	4
restaurant snobs need not bother, this is a small, neighborhood kind of place.	19
have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.	20
they couldn't even make a salad that was appealing.	3
for two people with tip was less than $25 bucks.	17
killer sushi!	5
of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious!	5
staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.	5
staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.	12
the jukebox plays everything from italian opera to the strokes.	10
and i've been to many nyc delis.	19
this place is always packed.	19
much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.	12
plus they made a perfect martini.	5
i am not sure if i would call the food here indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be french with an indian or exotic touch.	4
i've eaten thai many times, and am very familiar with the cuisine.	19
the waiter was attentive.	14
their margarita is best i've had since i've returned from naples!	5
i highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.	20
the tastes makes your mouth water for more.	5
i came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband.	19
their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for purple haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!	5
their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for purple haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!	14
the tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	4
the tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	9
the tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	15
all in all a wonderful experience, can't wait to come back.	20
the food was actually awful.	3
after dining at b.o.g over twenty times now, its official !	19
they are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.	5
they are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.	17
there is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.	11
we went around 9:30 on a friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!	14
my husband and i both ordered the steak, medium.	4
my husband and i both ordered the steak, medium.	19
furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.	3
this place has really fresh sushi and a nice large menu of japanese classic cuisine.	5
the sushi is average and the prices are anything but.	4
the sushi is average and the prices are anything but.	15
my wife and i also enjoyed the spinach, the shanghai low mein, and other attractions.	5
owner must have come on this website to give himself credit.	19
turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down.	19
i would go back.	20
definitely will be back!	20
several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces.	4
i'm not sure why these other reviewers are whining so much.	19
they live up to the thai way of living.	19
if you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here!	5
three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.	5
the food is consistently wonderful - i've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accommodating and friendly.	5
the food is consistently wonderful - i've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accommodating and friendly.	14
the waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as i would have expected.	12
i live nearby and when they first opened, i ate there a lot.	19
and the food was fantastic.	5
this is the kind of place you'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret.	20
if you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).	5
if you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).	11
aside from the sea urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including fatty yellow tail, boton shrimp, blue fin torro (fatty tuna), sea eel, etc.	4
they're also friendlier here, especially the owner, kenny.	14
while the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.	5
while the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.	9
i've lived in nyc all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).	19
i've lived in nyc all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).	9
winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.	14
the ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.	4
the ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.	11
my host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.	13
you can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!	5
you can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!	14
the bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher! 2 for 1's.	5
slightly on the pricey side but worth it!	16
if it isn't for the food (a+++), it must be the service or the ambience.	5
if it isn't for the food (a+++), it must be the service or the ambience.	14
if it isn't for the food (a+++), it must be the service or the ambience.	11
during the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.	12
during the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.	3
i like the ambience, it's very dark and original.	11
not the typical nyc gimmick theme restaurant.	11
we were exploring grand central and didn't want to eat in the food court.	19
overall, not worth the money.	15
this place is not worth the prices.	15
we left after one drink.	19
everything that happened was not even up to mediocre.	18
our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5pm and it was very crowded and noisy.	9
pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city.	5
you are paying for the atmosphere, which is nice, but can be had in numerous places in bay ridge.	10
it's called gnochi alla nona and is found under chef specials.	4
it is one the nicest outdoor restaurants i have ever seen in ny--i am from italy and this place rivals the ones in my country.	11
yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.	9
the last two times i ordered from here my food was so spicy that  i could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.	3
the fried dumplings are great!	5
this place has the best chinese style bbq ribs in the city.	5
ive been here so many times the waiters know my name.	19
the decor is very simple but comfortable.	10
i've been frequenting the tasting room since it first arrived in the east village and i've never been disappointed.	20
we figured we never had argentinian pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large pellegrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.	5
heartland brewery is a great way to start or finish your day.	20
the "kamasutra" and "bombay cosmopolitan" are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time.	5
this is the perfect date spot for williamsburg couples.	20
the dim sum here is only so-so.	4
it was raining, and we figured why not?	19
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.	5
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.	17
just straight up cheap, good food.	5
just straight up cheap, good food.	17
another welcome addition to the neighborhood.	20
seating is ok even though sometimes there's a lot of people.	10
this time, i prefer not to go into detail.	19
even with a relatively inexpensive bottle of wine, if you can call $70.00 inexpensive, the cost is through the roof for better than average fare.	15
service was slow, but the people were friendly.	13
steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table.	5
the steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty.	3
my only problem is that you are literally sitting on top of the people next to you!	9
and affordable.	17
the staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful!	5
the staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful!	14
the staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful!	11
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret.	19
the food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not (like the steak dish which tends to be dry).	4
not only would i not recommend jimmy's restaurants to friends, i would strongly suggest they go anywhere but.	18
they have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody.	5
haru on park s is simply disgusting.	18
the staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.	12
as a long-time patron of mamoun's, i always figured that i had found the best late night food spot in the city.	20
i drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at scores.	19
the bagel was huge.	5
go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else.	20
get the tuna of gari.	5
i like the samosas, chai, and the chole, but the dosa and dal were kinda disappointing.	4
it was a very nice surprise.	20
edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.	4
edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.	15
the staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.	13
the staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.	9
i am french and i really felt like home!!!	20
i have been to casimir over 5 times and i have always had a great time there.	20
the service was the only thing good about this restaurant.	14
it's usually packed for good reason, esp.	19
service friendly and attentive.	14
i love going there!	20
i cannot recommend og more highly if i tried - check it out for yourself.	20
it was the first place we ate on our first trip to new york, and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to new york.	20
service was very prompt but slightly rushed.	14
great food, great decor, great service.	5
great food, great decor, great service.	14
great food, great decor, great service.	11
and, although tables opened up next to us and we asked for a slightly larger space, they left us awkwardly seated.	12
the palak paneer was standard, and i was not a fan of the malai kofta.	4
i've dined at alain ducasse's restaurant in monte carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience.	17
yeah, sometimes the service can be slow.	12
there was no ambiance.	9
save your money and don't waste your calories, go to margarita's on washington street instead, they have amazing food and the best service.	18
the service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.	5
the service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.	14
but trust me it is so worth it.	20
it is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in bay ridge.	19
the perfect spot.	20
the only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price x4, which makes no sense whatsoever.	15
they sell special sushi, everything have a topping, sauce and etc.	5
do not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.	18
do not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.	10
they never came back to refill our glasses again.	12
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occasion.	14
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occasion.	9
service was also very good.	14
i took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing, really good meal.	20
i would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it, but they were not!	3
they're rude at times, and not very friendly.	12
i'm happy to have nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.	5
i'm happy to have nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.	20
good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on fridays.	11
they kindly brought us more to see if it was better, but it was not!	3
love the food.	5
i would highly recommend nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.	20
i would highly recommend nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.	11
all the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews.	5
there's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style.	20
it's a nice place to relax and have conversation.	11
this place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.	20
best reuben sandwich ever!	5
lucky strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.	5
wonderful strawberry daiquiris as well!	5
going to volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great italian cook.	20
the sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acoustics are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).	3
the sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acoustics are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).	12
the sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acoustics are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).	10
i loved it and would go again.	20
frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side.	5
so so so so so good!	20
alone for 100 bucks, it is really overprice.	15
out of the hundreds of italian restaurants in queens, this is among the best.	20
very good value	20
here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid.	11
i would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.	19
i fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of bbq roast pork.	5
i keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table i can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people.	19
overall, the best bagel in town.	5
everything a ny pizza joint should be.	20
it was huge, delicious, fresh, and will be the reason we return.	5
we go often.	19
light, refreshing summer rolls (not fried) remind me of vietnamese places in paris.	5
the sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.	5
moral stay away.	18
but the service was a bit slow.	12
spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.	5
spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.	15
when i saw that their website had a link to da ciro in napoli, i knew there was going to be good pizza!	20
no one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates.	12
indoor was very cozy and cute.	11
we had a 3 hour brunch (they definitely do not rush you) and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time.	14
and their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!	3
and their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!	12
and their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!	15
they're terrific!!	20
the service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.	5
the service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.	14
the service is good and the restaurant is clean.	14
the service is good and the restaurant is clean.	11
great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.	11
just stick with the small dishes!	4
the cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.	12
the cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.	11
i've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years i've been going.	14
food is excellent.	5
this place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within doyers, right off of pell st (barber's alley) in chinatown.	9
they outshine hh.	20
although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.	5
excellent lunch buffet for only $6.95.	5
excellent lunch buffet for only $6.95.	17
we were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past.	18
if you're not familiar with the cuisine, you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they don't accept credit cards.	18
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.	5
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.	17
problem is nothing at prune is particularly memorable.	18
ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.	11
the portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.	5
just wish they'd expand.	19
my boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly!	5
this wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but i thought that was what made the place so special.	5
good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).	5
good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).	15
i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.	5
i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.	14
you can't say its cheap because food is cheaper in chinatown.	16
i have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good.	5
keep up the good work.	20
i wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but i guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.	19
great eats, good times.	20
great eats, good times.	5
make sure you try this place as often as you can.	20
grilled whole fish wonderful, great spicing.	5
for years, i thought tuscan cuisine was the best, but salvatore converted me to the hearty neapolitan fare on my first visit.	5
plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!	14
the service was great as well.	14
try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.	5
another plus is most of the entrees are approx.	20
i will go back to suan soon!	20
loved it!	20
the food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted plate 347 as our secret on second!	5
the food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted plate 347 as our secret on second!	11
we were pleasantly surprised.	20
from the moment we walked in they were more than accommodating even though the place was packed.	14
from the moment we walked in they were more than accommodating even though the place was packed.	9
it is loud, hot and dark.	9
i found the food, service and value exceptional everytime i have been there.	5
i found the food, service and value exceptional everytime i have been there.	14
i found the food, service and value exceptional everytime i have been there.	17
we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.	18
we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.	3
the food is definitely good, but i left a bit disappointed.	4
the food is definitely good, but i left a bit disappointed.	19
i am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and i was still hungry after my visit to this place!	18
i am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and i was still hungry after my visit to this place!	3
the drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.	5
the drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.	12
there is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have major attitude.	12
will give it another chance before i write it off.	19
the all italian staff is warm and engaging from the start.	14
village is one of those places that scores on all fronts.	20
the prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.	17
the prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.	5
if you go here - your focus should be the tamarind margaritas.	5
it is the best hidden spot there and i rave about it to everyone.	20
the fillet mignon dish was superb!	5
i had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.	20
i had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.	5
i had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.	14
can't wait wait for my next visit.	20
this place is the most japanese it can ever get.	11
the food is good, i can't lie.	5
great food, lt's of it, more then one person can eat!	5
i didn't expect to like nosh as much as i did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich i had was otherworldly, the soups are like mom's, and the knishes give yonah schimmel's a run for its money.	5
the atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a sushi establishment in tokyo.	10
cozy romantic atmosphere with only around 15 tables at most.	11
this place is worth going even if only for their beer.	5
i really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto yum!).	5
the ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.	5
the ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.	11
the ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.	17
do not get the go go hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.	3
the sandwiches are out-of-this world!	5
if you live in upper manhattan, siam square is the place for thia food.	20
decor is charming.	11
the food was very well prepared.	5
really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.	5
really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.	17
stay away from this place.	18
good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.	4
while most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in new york bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.	4
while most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in new york bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.	15
complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, i received my dessert on a plate that had happy birthday written on it, with a candleberry nice touch, and attentive staff.	14
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called, cold and soggy.	3
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called, cold and soggy.	12
if you go for the pre-theatre menu, it's an even greater deal.	17
the one up front will smile and say what can i get for you, brother?	13
brava la pizza fresca!	20
if you are someone who appreciates simplicity, elegance, and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size, kai is your place.	4
the prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.	17
the prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.	5
check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.	20
check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.	5
check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.	17
if just to drop in, quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over.	18
little tonino's is just awesome, our favorite delivery place in kennsington, honestly the best gnochi i have ever had!	5
incredibly poor service an food quality at exorbitant prices.	3
incredibly poor service an food quality at exorbitant prices.	12
incredibly poor service an food quality at exorbitant prices.	15
i have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal.	5
i go back in line like three times on average until i can't walk anymore.	19
we usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty.	5
we usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty.	17
horrible food and horrible service.	3
horrible food and horrible service.	12
the wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.	5
bleecker st pizza is the best!	20
i do not recommend the heartland brewery.	18
they treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.	5
they treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.	14
their exotic salad is basic ly a delicious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.	5
the big complaint: no toasting available.	3
even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.	5
even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.	11
volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.	14
the food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.	3
the food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.	12
the chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwich is great for heartier appetites.	5
faan is so good.	20
we saw them heating up at least one frozen item though i'm not sure which dim sum dish it was.	3
no you're going to go back because the food was good.	20
no you're going to go back because the food was good.	5
the food was great and the service was even better.	5
the food was great and the service was even better.	14
while this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in manhattan: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.	9
while this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in manhattan: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.	17
traditional french decor was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.	10
the fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).	5
consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they didn't feel like finishing them.	3
consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they didn't feel like finishing them.	18
my son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge!	5
i really recommend the very simple unda (egg) rolls.	5
i will not be coming here at 3am again.	18
very good wine choices.	5
this is the only thai place i go too in nyc, it's wonderful, and live relaxed jazz on certain nights.	11
we were seated and ignored by staff.	12
if you are in a big group, this place is perfect because it recommends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here.	11
they showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt.	12
tasty steak, pork loin, the works.	5
i went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and didn't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait.	19
i went to ruby foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there.	20
i'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.	11
i'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.	14
the burger was great, also.	5
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.	12
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.	19
just because it's cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, it is great!	5
just because it's cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, it is great!	17
the pizza was great.	5
and everytime i go there's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front.	9
i had never had edamame pureed before but i thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).	5
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.	12
when we notified him that he didn't mention the specials, he didn't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless.	12
the price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate.	17
don't dine at tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-vegetarian selections.	4
kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family.	14
they need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.	5
they need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.	11
i've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait.	19
all in all the food was above average and i would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners.	5
judging from previous posts this used to be a good place, but not any longer.	19
delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	5
delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	14
delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	11
delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	17
for appetizers, i recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.	5
and cheap!	17
such nice people working here - but i have to review the food.	4
such nice people working here - but i have to review the food.	14
the restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible, reaching for sunglasses.	9
try the times square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka (also available without vodka.)	5
nice find.	20
veal parmigiana - better than patsy's!	5
great wine, great food.	5
the service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.	13
the service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.	9
the food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.	5
the food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.	14
amazing!	20
went to ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza (as i love la pizza fresca).	19
i've always been seated promptly.	14
we try frequenting new restaurants all over the city, but any time that we  visit a restaurant other than roth's we are always disappointed.	19
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.	3
there is nothing more pleasant than that.	20
i would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again.	20
however, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	5
however, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	9
however, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	17
what makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in nyc that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.	5
what makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in nyc that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.	20
mizu is the japanese find in gramercy.	20
for sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves.	20
our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.	9
sake collection was excellent (try nanbu bijin), but pricey.	5
sake collection was excellent (try nanbu bijin), but pricey.	15
interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon casserole.	5
one of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood.	20
one of my favorites though was the angry lobster, a cold lobster salad that was magnificent.	5
i have to say that i am pleasantly surprised and i will most likely stop in again if i am in the neighborhood.	20
ask for usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.	14
the service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.	5
the service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.	14
the place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.	11
this is a true gem of the village.	20
its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to suan again and again.	11
its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to suan again and again.	17
however, i think jeckll and hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once.	20
they treat me like family, morning and night.	14
a wonderful place!	20
please take my advice, go and try this place.	20
service was on par but not wonderful.	13
for my birthday and we had an excellent time.	20
deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area.	12
deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area.	15
i went to amma after a friend recommended it.	19
i'm just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud.	19
kind of a small place but i guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids.	10
maybe tomorrow ;-)	19
we also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.	4
we also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.	19
please don't fool us.	18
i've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.	4
because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.	3
i suspect this restaurant is what rao's would be if it hadn't turned exclusive.	19
the dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it.	4
strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you, or with the local union worker on the other side.	19
we were then shooed inside.	12
we got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.	19
it might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can counteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.	4
this place is always very crowded and popular.	11
appetizers are somewhere around $7 each and the main dishes are between $11 and $16.	16
really depends on your luck!	19
just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday.	19
my wife and i went to orsay for valentine's dinner.	19
i don't know about you guys, but when i go somewhere to eat i go for the food not for the atmosphere.	19
they should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips, good but a far cry from what the name implies.	4
a gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.	12
very different than regular dimsum places.	19
i have lived in ny for many years and have dined at many restaurants.	19
when you enter, you feel like you have entered your mom's kitchen.	11
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant, then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers.	19
i've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer.	19
she lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy.	19
he was terribly thirsty after the meal too.	3
and when i visit her i make it a point to eat at 'ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip.	20
i wasn't there for the half-price saturday night special, but tuesday night.	19
in fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.	12
there was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at pastis.	19
for meatball night.	19
if you like the food and the value you get from some of chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.	18
they are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in yonkers which is a restaurant and banquet hall and another one in parsippany new jersey.	19
want to impress?	19
the selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available.	4
we've lived in the area for more than 8 years.	19
get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $8 and you're golden.	5
get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $8 and you're golden.	17
i have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a seat, a lunch i don't mind.	19
my family and i ate here last night for our annual christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town.	19
i grew up on these bagels.	20
we were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available.	12
the restaurant is very small so reservations are a must.	19
visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews.	19
a one women show!	19
you can't go wrong here.	20
at first i was rolling my ideas of yet another french place on the ues.	19
to my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.	12
in china the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud.	19
after dealing with subpar pizza all over the kensington neighborhood - i've found little toninos.	20
i thought this place was totally overrated.	18
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.	4
you won't find that anywhere in manhattan.	20
how do you rate home?	20
i went here in the afternoon with a friend.	19
our first greeting when we entered was the last call is at 10:15.	12
interior was so so.	9
i'm partial to the gnocchi.	5
i guess the way my friends and i described it was the french colonies.	19
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they'd treat us well for the occasion.	19
boy was i wrong!	19
i visit new green bo when i have money or when i am broke.	16
note that they do not serve beer, you must bring your own.	12
we ate outside at haru's sake bar because haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.	19
when we walked in it seemed like it was there for 200 years.	19
ahhh.	19
better than the bagel shop on the corner, but not worth going out of your way for, in my opinion.	18
it helps if you know what to order.	19
the service was typical short-order, dinner type.	13
we shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while i had the sashimi.	4
i can't believe people complain about no cheese sticks?	19
but that is highly forgivable.	20
from the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.	5
when we arrived at 6:00 pm, the restaurant was practically empty.	19
each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.	4
i am going to the mid town location next.	19
chow fun was dry; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family.	3
chow fun was dry; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family.	9
i/we will never go back to this place again.	0
service was divine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	14
service was divine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	5
service was divine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	2
and i hate to say this but i doubt i'll ever go back.	0
the food is very average...the thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet, every thing they serve is too sweet here.	3
the decor is night tho...but they really need to clean that vent in the ceiling...its quite un-appetizing, and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern.	9
food-awesome.	5
service- friendly and attentive.	14
ambiance- relaxed and stylish.	11
the food is decent.	4
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect, which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me, i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water, or the check.	12
well, i didn't find it there, and trust, i have told everyone i can think of about my experience.	0
the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty. hmmm.	0
it melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.	5
we took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.	5
quite simply it's like stepping out of manhattan and into a haven of tranquility.	11
i like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.	5
the service varys from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not.	12
the food was average to above-average; the french onion soup filling yet not overly impressive, and the desserts not brilliant in any way.	4
the combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious.	5
the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese.	2
the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese.	5
the signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese.	14
i just don't understand all the hype...	0
very cozy and warm inside.....	11
i will be back!	2
the food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.	5
the food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.	14
not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!	23
not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!	5
i'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and i all enjoy mizu very much... and we're repeat customers.	2
make sure you have the spicy scallop roll.. .	5
tiny dessert was $8.00...just plain overpriced for what it is.	3
the drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.	8
try their chef's specials-- they are to die for.	5
the waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet, we were told no...	12
then, to top things off, she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes.	12
such a disappointment...	12
rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	12
rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	4
rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	0
i loved everything about it-especially the shows and actors.	2
i loved everything about it-especially the shows and actors.	11
the tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.	5
two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.	3
he served me an uni hand roll, which i never had before, and let me tell you...it was heaven!	5
traditional french decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.	10
to sum it up: service varies from good to mediocre, depending on which waiter you get; generally it is just average ok.	13
seating is always prompt, though the restaurant does fill up in the evening.	14
the restaurant is cute but not upscale.	1
the have over 100 different beers to offer their guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.	8
the have over 100 different beers to offer their guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.	5
i have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo; you can tell it was a fresh lobster.	5
all the staff is absolutely professional!!	14
(that is a must, but not every restaurant can do...)	14
okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.	3
it's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.	9
it's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.	3
fresh restaurant was amazing........ food was delicious and of course fresh.	2
fresh restaurant was amazing........ food was delicious and of course fresh.	5
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...	11
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...	2
the salads are delicious, both refreshing and very spicy.	5
i have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.	3
enjoyed a very nice caesar salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese....both very tasty.	5
and where does patis go wrong; no where.	2
you are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but: cassuolet, steake fritte, tripe stew, etc; simple stuff.	5
mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).	4
mmmmm... it was delicious.	5
the sushi is amazing!!!	5
and amazingly cheap.	5
the pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	5
the pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	8
the pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	14
the pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really made this place was the backyard dining area.	11
they tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter, so i'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it.	2
check this place out!	2
first of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by citysearch's editorial review.	9
for instance, plates were just dumped on the table, i was handed the wine list upside down, etc....	12
somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service.	12
not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring.	3
one of us actually liked the espresso - that's it.	8
myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the city; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else.	2
the view is breathtaking the service is top notch... the ambiance is wonderful.	23
the view is breathtaking the service is top notch... the ambiance is wonderful.	14
the view is breathtaking the service is top notch... the ambiance is wonderful.	11
my boyfriend had prime rib it was good .	5
we didn't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of korbett it was just enough.	8
it's cuz it's so good you need to taste it!!!	5
all in all we're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few weeks!!!!	2
the food is amazing... especially if you get the chef's tasting menu and your favourite bottle (or two!) of wine from an extensive selection of wines.	5
the food is amazing... especially if you get the chef's tasting menu and your favourite bottle (or two!) of wine from an extensive selection of wines.	8
everything we had was good or ok....but definitely nothing great.	4
when you add it all together, it just doesn't seem worth it to me...especially considering the prices.	0
thius is a must for anyone who loves shabu-shabu.	5
i was there on sat. for my birthday and we had an excellent time.	2
whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to northern italy with one bite.	5
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	10
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	5
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	14
if you go, try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce, the mozzarella en carozza is mmmmmmmm..... everything is just delicious.	5
who has room for cheesesticks with the best pizza in nyc!	5
get the pepperoni - yum - and a family style salad.	5
but the staff was so horrible to us.	12
this place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	0
this place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	5
this place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	12
don't dine at tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.	4
10	2
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly.	0
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality.	3
limited menu, no-so-fresh ingredients, thinly-sliced fish, fall-apart rice.	3
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce (even its low sodium), the vinegar-soaked rice, and the scallion on top of the fish.	3
the waitstaffs are nice though.	14
both times i was extremely disappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.	12
i had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, i tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.	3
this restaurant is vegetarian; there are no meat dishes whatsoever.	3
lloovve this place.	2
waitstaff are very friendly.	14
the large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.	5
(the asparagus, truffle oil, parmesan bruschetta is a winner!)	5
wine list is extensive without being over-priced.	8
i almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and i would hate for it too become to crowded.	11
after dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him: where are you from...maybe you don't know how things work in america...and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on.	12
we did tip, i guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager.	12
when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not mcdonald's, every place makes things differently	12
while it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.	12
i think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.	2
everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.	2
everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.	5
everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.	8
everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.	14
everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.	11
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.	5
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.	14
considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time, the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed.	14
my friends settled for rice dishes, but we came back the following day to try the dim sum, which was good...not outstanding, but good.	4
it was $14 not really bad for a pound of pastrami-but it didn't have much taste-i've had better for less elsewhere!	3
we waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right.	8
this is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.	2
we were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial.	14
she was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about indian food.	14
she was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about indian food.	5
guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the fillet, very good, didn't much like the fries that came with, but the fillet was so good, neither of us cared.	5
the menu has so many fish items and oysters.	5
the fish was really,really fresh.	5
we all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in new york.	2
mizu is the japenese find in grammercy.	2
while their kitchen food is delicious, their sushi is out of this world.	5
i expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu.	3
wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!	8
authentic taiwanese food that's cheap... what more could you ask for?	5
i really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).	5
my friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatoes.	5
this is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the basil slice.	5
this is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the basil slice.	2
calling the place hampton chutney co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.	0
calling the place hampton chutney co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.	9
calling the place hampton chutney co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.	12
try sushimi cucumber roll.	5
love pizza 33..	2
i will be out with friends and all of a sudden i am hungry and i only crave one thing... their pizza.	5
be sure not to get anything other than bagels!..	4
the turkey burgers are scary!	3
awesome pizza especially the margheritta slice.	5
try the pad thai, or sample anything on the appetizer menu...they're all delicious.	5
i did not try the caviar but i tried their salmon and crab salad (they are all good)	5
it is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat.	2
you can get a completely delish martini in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8.50 (i recommend the vanilla shanty, mmmm!) in a great homey setting with great music.	8
you can get a completely delish martini in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8.50 (i recommend the vanilla shanty, mmmm!) in a great homey setting with great music.	11
i love their thai	5
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the must!	5
the food is excellent!	5
if you're daring, try the balsamic vinegar over icecream, it's wonderful!	5
these are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner:	3
i was pleasantly surprised.	2
the pad se ew chicken was delicious, however the pad thai was far too oily.	4
i really loved the different and innovated touch that's the chef gives to the food.	5
also it's great to have dinner in a very romantic and comfortable place, the service it's just perfect...they're so friendly that we never want to live the place!	11
also it's great to have dinner in a very romantic and comfortable place, the service it's just perfect...they're so friendly that we never want to live the place!	14
their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.	3
the baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we've ever had!!	5
the lamb was tender so full of flavor, the dessert was divine!!	5
downtown dinner 2002 - prixe fix: appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion..try the potato stuff kanish best one.	5
downtown dinner 2002 - prixe fix: appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion..try the potato stuff kanish best one.	12
dessert is a joke...don't bother	3
the restaurant has a family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.	11
the restaurant has a family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.	5
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesy of the house...	1
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesy of the house...	8
guaranteed to be a tasty experience!)	8
excellent spot for holiday get together with co-workers or friends that you haven't seen in a while.	2
go there once and oh yes...you will go back...you will...	2
they should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies.	3
i have to say that i am pleasantly suprised and i will most likely stop in again if i am in the neighborhood.	2
i have never had cheescake like this.	5
the food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.	5
the food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.	8
have been several times and it never disappoints.	2
probably would not go again...	0
a classic!	5
don't miss bloom's on your next trip to manhatten.	2
ravioli was good...but i have to say that i found everything a bit overpriced.	4
service, however, was excellent...and i liked the setting/atmosphere a lot.	14
service, however, was excellent...and i liked the setting/atmosphere a lot.	11
food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.	4
food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.	0
faan is sooo good.	2
the mussles were the fishiest things i've ever tasted, the seabass was bland, the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese, the penne w/ chicken had bones in it... it was disgusting.	3
my fav was the sassy lassi...	8
went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.	11
went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.	14
went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.	5
when family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.	14
the food here does a great service to the name (cantonese that is...).	5
simply some good tasting chinese food at incredible prices...	5
service is not what you are coming here for...	12
big wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach.	2
always good drinks and service is pretty good;	8
always good drinks and service is pretty good;	14
atmosphere is nice and relaxed too...	11
a great place to meet up for some food and drinks...	2
yakitori (bbq meats) is tasty too.	5
wasn't going to share but i feel obligated...while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing.	3
fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a manhattanite, or spend most of your time in manhattan, rice avenue will make you feel at home.....very soho/village/upper west side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on roosevelt avenue!	11
fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a manhattanite, or spend most of your time in manhattan, rice avenue will make you feel at home.....very soho/village/upper west side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on roosevelt avenue!	5
fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a manhattanite, or spend most of your time in manhattan, rice avenue will make you feel at home.....very soho/village/upper west side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on roosevelt avenue!	14
fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a manhattanite, or spend most of your time in manhattan, rice avenue will make you feel at home.....very soho/village/upper west side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on roosevelt avenue!	23
fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a manhattanite, or spend most of your time in manhattan, rice avenue will make you feel at home.....very soho/village/upper west side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on roosevelt avenue!	2
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.	12
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.	3
food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went.	5
food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went.	23
never have i had such dramatic delivery guys (a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c i live in a walkup) who always seem disappointed with their tips.	12
love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it..very fortunate, location wise.	11
love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it..very fortunate, location wise.	23
we were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion...a bucket of food literally.	5
the pasta penne was pretty extra buttery, creamy which means a big task to digest.. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count, penne...got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed...lol	3
this place blew me away...by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side.	2
the mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert...definitely going to be back very soon.	5
the mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert...definitely going to be back very soon.	2
i've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years: a new jazz bar, the most fantastic dining garden, the best thin crust pizzas, and now a lasagna menu which is to die for (these are not your average lasagnas)!	11
i've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years: a new jazz bar, the most fantastic dining garden, the best thin crust pizzas, and now a lasagna menu which is to die for (these are not your average lasagnas)!	5
i like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda disappointing.	5
rude service, mediocre food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	12
rude service, mediocre food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	4
rude service, mediocre food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	0
the decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private both on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.	11
the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.	5
this restaurant was recommended by a local...as a matter of fact, he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed!	2
a guaranteeed delight!	2
both times i was extremely disappointed by the service, which was borderline rude.	12
this place is really trendy but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	3
this place is really trendy but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	11
if you like your music blasted and the system isn't that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.	6
if you like your music blasted and the system isn't that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.	9
the only thing you can do here is walk in and eat .. but planning an event, especially a small, intimate one, forget about it.	0
it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.	5
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liqueurs which were courtesy of the house...	1
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liqueurs which were courtesy of the house...	8
a real dissapointment.	3
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overrated and on the pricey side.	12
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overrated and on the pricey side.	3
love al di la	2
i recommend this place to everyone.	2
great food.	5
one of my favorite places in brooklyn.	2
the pastas are incredible, the risottos (particularly the sepia) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing.	5
overpriced and not tasty	3
the food here was mediocre at best.	3
it was totally overpriced- fish and chips was about $15....	3
tasty dog!	5
an awesome organic dog, and a conscious eco friendly establishment.	5
an awesome organic dog, and a conscious eco friendly establishment.	2
one of the best hot dogs i have ever eaten.	5
the cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it.	2
but the best pork souvlaki i ever had is the main thing.	5
run don't walk.	2
super yummy pizza!	5
i was visiting new york city with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant.	11
i looove their eggplant pizza, as well as their pastas!	5
we had half/half pizza, mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was so huge for a small size pizza!	5
we had fun eating in there, we were there like around 3 a.m. in the morning!	2
will comeback for sure, wish they have it here in la..	2
excellent food, although the interior could use some help.	5
excellent food, although the interior could use some help.	9
the space kind of feels like an alice in wonderland setting, without it trying to be that.	9
i paid just about $60 for a good meal, though :)	5
great sake!	8
reliable, fresh sushi	5
the sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious.	5
have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once.	14
delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week.	12
delivery guy sometimes get upset if you don't tip more than 10%.	12
best. sushi. ever.	5
this place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi.	5
creative, consistent, fresh.	5
excellent sashimi, and the millennium roll is beyond delicious.	5
not cheap but very yummy.	4
love it.	2
very, very nice	2
the place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.	22
the place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.	2
not only is the food	5
not only is the food	2
loved it	2
we had a very nice time.	2
the waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.	14
the waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.	5
the waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.	23
i'd definitely go back again.	2
great place to relax and enjoy your dinner	11
there is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week.	11
place is open till late, no dress code.	2
good food: my favorite is the seafood spaghetti.	5
highly recommended!	2
excellent food for great prices	5
my husband and i have been sold on this from the first visit.	2
the wait staff is very courteous and accommodating.	14
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	0
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	5
there are no negatives to speak of.	2
the bestt!	2
my favorite place lol	2
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is so good	5
its alright	1
im not necessarily fanatical about this place, but it was a fun time for low prices.	2
lobster was good, nothing spectacular.	4
its just a fun place to go, not a five star restaurant.	1
way below average	0
i think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked.	3
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.	12
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.	3
would never go back	0
i love this place	2
i wasn't here for the pizza so i can't comment on that yet but what i had was very good.	5
the service was quick and friendly.	14
everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome.	14
i thought the restaurant was nice and clean.	2
i thought the restaurant was nice and clean.	11
i ordered the vitello alla marsala and i was pretty impressed.	5
the veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly.	5
the potato balls were not dry at all... in fact it was buttery.	5
the only downside... they only take cash which is ok if you know about it ahead of time.	0
i'll be back for sure.	2
worst place on smith street in brooklyn	0
very immature bartender, didn't know how to make specific drinks, service was so slow, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and weren't very attentive to all the customers.	12
very immature bartender, didn't know how to make specific drinks, service was so slow, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and weren't very attentive to all the customers.	3
i would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner.	0
awesome	2
the food is always fresh ...	5
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	3
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	13
went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed.	0
chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top??	3
food was luke warm.	3
the waitress was not attentive at all.	12
i was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they don't have.	3
not because you are "the four seasons"... ?C you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romantic dinner.	0
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	5
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	14
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	0
i do not think dinner in manhattan should cost $400.00 where i am not swept off my feet.	3
red dragon roll - my favorite thing to eat, of any food group - hands down	5
just go to yamato and order the red dragon roll.	2
just go to yamato and order the red dragon roll.	5
if you don't like it, i don't know what to tell you.	5
the seafood dynamite is also otherworldly.	5
i'm not even going to bother to describe it; it speaks for itself.	5
favorite sushi in nyc	5
an unpretentious spot in park slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.	11
an unpretentious spot in park slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.	5
an unpretentious spot in park slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.	14
in the summer months, the back garden area is really nice.	11
the rolls are creative and i have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food.	5
the dancing, white river and millenium rolls are musts.	5
so good	2
i can eat here every day of the week really lol love this place ...)	2
gross food ?C wow-	3
i can't remember the last time i had such gross food in new york.	3
my quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor.	3
and $11 for a plate of bland guacamole?	3
don't get me started on the margaritas, either.	6
mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila.	6
save your money and your time and go somewhere else.	0
oh, and i never write reviews--i just was so moved by how bad this place was, i felt it was my duty to spread the word.	0
great indian food!	5
when i got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly.	14
the food was good, the place was clean and affordable.	5
the food was good, the place was clean and affordable.	11
the food was good, the place was clean and affordable.	2
i noticed a lot of indian people eating there which is a great sign for an indian place!	2
this is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	2
this is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	11
this is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	5
the staff is very good.	14
love their drink menu.	8
i highly recommend this beautiful place.	11
i highly recommend this beautiful place.	2
nice for one time special occasion.	2
they honored reservation on sunday afternoon very well.	14
we were offered water for the table but were not told the voss bottles of water were $8 a piece.	6
food was ok.	4
nice view of river and nyc.	23
i come here enjoy very much with husband.	2
remind me of home.	2
great service	14
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm so delicious	5
a beautifully designed dreamy egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night.	11
watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that's more lemony than smoky.	5
watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that's more lemony than smoky.	11
oh, and there's hookah.	11
raymond the bartender rocks!	14
pacifico is a great place to casually hang out.	2
the drinks are great, especially when made by raymond.	8
the drinks are great, especially when made by raymond.	14
the omlette for brunch is great...	5
the spinach is fresh, definitely not frozen...	5
quacamole at pacifico is yummy, as are the wings with chimmichuri.	5
a weakness is the chicken in the salads.	3
it's just average, just shredded, no seasoning on it.	3
also, i personally wasn't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole.	3
overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.	5
overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.	14
best indian restaurant in the city	2
decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!	9
decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!	5
this small astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in new york.	5
what really makes it shine is the food, which is aggressively seasoned with cyrpriot spices, and all made in-house (even the gyro meat and sausages), and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected.	5
all the various greek and cypriot dishes are excellent, but the gyro is the reason to come--if you don't eat one your trip was wasted.	5
best restaurant in brooklyn	2
the best!	2
great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.	5
great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.	14
great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.	2
the veal was incredible last night.	5
fresh, mind blowing flavors.	5
this place is a must visit!	2
delicious, creative and fun.	5
got a date? go here!	2
every time i have a special occasion with my boyfriend i have a hard time going anywhere else.	2
it is so romantic.	11
its dark, and cozy.. there is always jazz music playing when we go.	11
most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like 'that' couple.	11
the food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together.	5
i've enjoyed 99% of the dishes we've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish (i'm a daring eater but not that daring).	4
once you try it for a special occasion beware.. you can't stop!	2
you'll be ther for every anniversary, birthday, valentines day...	2
for a fabulous wedding!	2
my daughter's wedding reception at water's edge received the highest compliments from our guests.	2
everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!	11
everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!	23
everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!	5
service was wonderful;	14
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful.	14
paul, the maitre d', was totally professional and always on top of things.	14
thank you everyone at water's edge.	2
would not go back.	0
service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.	12
service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.	9
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	22
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	3
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	0
the bar drinks were eh, ok to say the least.	6
the stuff tilapia was horrid...tasted like cardboard.	3
we thought the dessert would be better, wrong!	3
$170 down the toilet...	0
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting.	9
the floor was wet, the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor, no soap, and no hand towels left.	9
good experience	2
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.	8
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.	12
the bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the "free" appetizer of olives was disappointing.	3
however, our main course was wonderful.	5
i had fish and my husband had the fillet - both of which exceeded our expectations.	5
the dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.	5
the dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.	12
when we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost.	12
not what i would expect for the price and prestige of this location.	12
not what i would expect for the price and prestige of this location.	1
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	2
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	11
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	12
short and sweet ?C seating is great:it's romantic,cozy and private.	11
the boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they're perfect for 2 people.	11
the service was extremely fast and attentive(thanks to the service button on your table) but i barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order.	14
the food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy.	4
over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.	11
over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.	3
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	0
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	10
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	3
will prob. not return but it is a great dinning experience to try at least once.	1
impressed...	2
subtle food and service	5
subtle food and service	14
noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy.	14
noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy.	5
servers are all different, greg is my favorite.	14
sometimes tables don't understand his sense of humor but it's refreshing to have a server who has personality, professionalism, and respects the privacy of your dinner.	14
this is the first place i've been that a runner remembers my order... hope he likes his job because i have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant.	14
prices are fair across the board for both food and bev.	5
prices are fair across the board for both food and bev.	8
i go out to eat and like my courses, servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink.	14
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings!!!	5
this place had all the trimmings and i mean all.	5
peppers, onions, relish, chilli, cheeses, you name it.	5
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages please do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!	2
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages please do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!	5
best dining experience in the west village!	2
stepping into casa la femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in new york!	2
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had!	11
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had!	5
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had!	14
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had!	2
the have a great cocktail with citrus vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for!	8
food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.	5
food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.	13
we were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd.	11
i never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending!	2
great find in the west village!	2
maggot in the food!	3
the menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.	5
the menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.	14
nevertheless, i finished my plate, and that's when i found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom.	3
i showed it to the manager, and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts (but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for).	13
when the bill came, nothing was comped, so i told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine, but i didn't think i should have to pay for food with a maggot in it.	12
the manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine (which cost less than the food), and made it seem like a big concession.	12
we paid and left because we didn't feel like arguing any more.	12
i have worked in restaurants and cook a lot, and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food.	3
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.	2
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.	12
unhygienic	3
i do not recommend.	0
i got hair in my food 2 times of then !	3
great place, great value.	2
the food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably priced.	5
the atmosphere is relaxed and casual.	11
it's a great place to order from or sit-in.	2
inexpensive, unassuming, great time!	2
sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance.	5
try it!	2
very pleased	2
good creative rolls!	5
yamato is an excellent place to go if you're not into sashimi, or if you have friends who doesn't like sushi much.	2
they have great rolls, the triple color and norwegetan rolls, are awesome and filling.	5
one special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up, but save room for dessert!	5
they have a delicious banana chocolate dessert, as well as a great green tea tempura.	5
the appetizers are also delicious!	5
amazing food.	5
mazing interior.	9
great food!	5
i've had my fair share of modern japanese and this spot delivers.	5
the atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking, which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors.	9
if you're into being lost when you're just five feet from your table then hey, that's a good thing.	9
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future.	5
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future.	9
indo chinese food, pretty good...	5
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food.	10
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food.	5
the chicken lollipop is my favorite, most of the dishes (i have to agree with a previous reviewer) are quite oily and very spicy, especially the chilli chicken.	3
my mom originally introduced me to this place, but even she (being indian) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily.	3
still we keep going back :)	2
i was speechless by the horrible food.	3
i attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant, and the food was majorly disappointing.	3
rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).	12
rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).	3
i was so stunned, and i left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing.	0
this place survives on reputation alone.	0
i will never return.	0
best in all of nyc	2
this is the most wonderful restaurant in all of new york city, not just brooklyn...	2
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty, most delicious food and kept it that way...	5
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...	2
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...	5
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...	14
you should travel from the bronx to try it...	2
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	5
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	8
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	14
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	23
so delicious!!!!!!	5
patsy's pizza = true love	2
hands down the best pizza on the planet.	5
in about 12 minutes, the thing is gone.	5
great hot dogs..	5
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside.	5
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!	5
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!	2
great taste	5
great, original taste.	5
for me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.	3
for me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.	2
helpful service and average price per dish $10.	14
helpful service and average price per dish $10.	5
the only thing that strikes you is the decor?(not very pleasant).	9
great food	5
this place has great indian chinese food.	5
the flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal.	5
be prepared to wait, because the place is pretty tiny.	0
also, they do not take credit card so come with cash!	1
even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.	9
even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.	5
best indian chinese in the city, by far!	5
amazing my favorite!!!	2
i came across village underground by accident, now i go there all the time.	2
the martinis are amazing and very fairly priced.	8
the service is amazing, i've had different waiters and they were all nice, which is a rare thing in nyc.	14
the dj is awesome, i have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and i keep going back.	11
the dj is awesome, i have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and i keep going back.	2
you can get a table without a reservation if you get there early i they don't make you by bottles.	14
which lets face it....at times it's a good thing.	14
in the end you end up with a fair tab and nothing but a great time!!!	2
one of the best, if not the best, restaurants in park slope (and ny in general)	2
everything on the menu is great.	5
this establishment is the real deal.	2
wish ny had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.	11
wish ny had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.	5
wish ny had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.	2
but $500 for a dinner for two that didn't include wine?	3
look, the appetizers were really good.	5
the entree was also very good.	5
can't argue about that, but they are clearly over priced.	3
what you are paying for is the environment and the name.	10
what you are paying for is the environment and the name.	0
yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.	11
yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.	0
which of course is not real kobe but wagyu beef.	3
surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as kobe.	0
vanison was good but not amazing.	4
bison was quite excellent however.	5
dessert: pure disaster.	3
just not good at all.	3
some pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing not impressive at all.	3
i read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and i thought to myself, but may be it is worth it.	0
the four seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of new york city restaurants, but trust me, they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say "i've been to the four seasons restaurant".	0
i wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly, curiousity got the best of me and i paid dearly for it.	0
all in all, the food was great (except for the desserts).	4
the environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts.	10
the environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts.	1
if you are going for the food, it will not be worth it.	3
you would think they would make up for it with service, sadly, no.	12
service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.	12
service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.	0
terrible waste of money.. scammers	0
i agree that dining at casa la femme is like no other dining experience!	0
i am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience.	0
i literally just got back home after visiting casa la femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time.	0
our visit their to say the least, was an unpleasant and costly experience!	0
and even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience.	0
we did arrive late for our reservation so i can not complain too much about the wait for a table.	13
although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes.	12
we were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited.	2
the place is beautiful!	11
the hostess was very pleasant.	14
however, our $14 drinks were were horrible!	6
once we finally got a table, despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed!	12
our experience did not ever get any better.	0
for each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink.	12
we also asked for hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the hooka.	12
after the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner.	12
we asked for beverages and never received them.	12
we asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order.	12
my chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin.	3
i would not expect this for a $55 dinner.	3
by the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage nor hooka!	12
what we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka.. some of which we never received!	12
the only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses!	12
to top it all off.. the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant.	12
to top it all off.. the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant.	0
by the time we left our wallets were empty and so were our stomachs and we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!	3
by the time we left our wallets were empty and so were our stomachs and we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!	0
if it seemed possible to do so while there i would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!	3
if it seemed possible to do so while there i would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!	0
i have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused, and wasted my hard earned money.	0
my husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!	0
my husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!	12
i wish i could be refunded!	0
don't go with a larger group than 4!	0
at first we were a little taken aback, as this seemed to present a problem, although the restaurant looked fairly empty, but they hastily put the table together for us.	14
the menu is fairly simple without much descriptions.	4
there was no tap beer that evening, which was a disappointment.	6
not much of a selection of bottled beer either, we went with brahma.	6
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each).	4
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each).	14
the lobster knuckles (special of the day) were ok, but pretty tasteless.	3
i believe there were 2 shrimp in the "salt encrusted shrimp" appetizer.	3
she replied "well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now, since you are a larger party, and it might get crowded."	12
the food arrived in about 15 minutes.	13
i had the thai style fried sea bass...which was very good.	5
everyone seemed generally happy with their food, except my brother who had the grilled mahi mahi, seemingly drenched in grapfruit juice!	3
i heard the lobster roll was excellent.	5
they seemed to continue to rush us along, taking plates without asking if we were done (my sister still had her fork in hand).	12
all in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side, but fresh.	4
service not the friendliest to our "large party"!	12
probably would not go back here.	0
great indian food	5
food was amazing - i love indian food and eat it quite regularly, but i can say this is one of the best i've had.	5
very "normal indian food", but done really well.	5
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	1
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	3
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	9
also, waiters try to push more food on you, like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $.	12
i don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).	12
i don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).	0
but if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for indian food	5
but if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for indian food	0
one of the best	2
bukhara grill, the tagline says it all.. "indian spice rave"	2
the lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it.	4
we have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.	14
we have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.	5
bukhara is on my top 5 indian places in nyc	2
wretched and retching	0
i have never been so disgusted by both food an service.	3
i have never been so disgusted by both food an service.	12
for starters they delivered us someone else's order.	12
however, once i received my predictably mediocre order of what dokebi thinks passes as korean fair, (sometimes you have to settle when it's your only option), i got through about half my kimchee before i found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting, slimy, clearly bad piece of fish skin.	3
my main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but i would be lying is i said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen i was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.	3
my main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but i would be lying is i said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen i was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.	12
none was made so i hung up.	12
less than three minutes passed before i found myself doubled over the toilet.	3
my girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that i was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.	3
my girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that i was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.	12
it wasn't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand, but now it's simply repulsive.	0
eat at your own risk.	3
gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner	11
gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner	2
i book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.	5
i book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.	11
the service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing!	14
i completely recommend casa la femme for any special occasion and to really impress your date.	2
more williamsburg garbage	0
the dishes came out around 5 minutes apart.	12
the bibimbap was average, but the stone bowl wasn't even close to sizzling.	3
too bad i had paid an extra $2 for the stone bowl.	3
the nakgi-bokum was horrible.	3
easily the worst stir-fried squid i've ever tasted.	3
the sauce tasted more like chinese fast food than decent korean.	3
the side dishes were passable, and i did get a refill upon request.	4
the real problem i had with this place was the complete lack of service.	12
she just nodded and walked off.	12
as to my comment about the food, no apology or acknowledgment was made.	12
my wife had barely touched that mess of a dish.	3
we were charged full price.	12
lives up to the hype	2
we've tried before but it always packed and doesn't take reservations.	1
it was well worth the wait.	2
the wife had the risotto which was amazing.	5
it doesn't look appetizing as it's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black, but the taste was phenomenal.	4
the farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty.	5
i love margherita pizza ?C i love east village pizza	2
i love margherita pizza ?C i love east village pizza	5
love this place, every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go.	2
a quintessential slice of nyc pizza.	4
the crust has a great bite and a good chew, the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it, the salt from the cheese is great, really heightens the flavor of all the other components.	5
personally i like the margherita pizza better, but they are all good.	5
possibly the most romantic restaurant in the city	11
this is undoubtedly my favorite modern japanese brasserie (that don??t serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!	2
this is undoubtedly my favorite modern japanese brasserie (that don??t serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!	11
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate d??cor will make you feel like you??re no longer in the city.	22
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate d??cor will make you feel like you??re no longer in the city.	11
if you??re planning to come here, make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you??ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching (choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky!).	11
it??s just you and your date and an occasional cute ??excuse me?? before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!	11
it??s just you and your date and an occasional cute ??excuse me?? before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!	14
my party had the bbe $29 fixe prix menu, which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake!	5
we started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche.	5
i picked the grilled black cod as my entree, which i absolutely devoured while someone commented that the grilled salmon dish was better.	5
the sake??s complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world.	8
for desserts, we tried the frozen black sesame mousse (interesting but not extraordinary) and matcha (powdered green tea) and blueberry cheesecake, which was phenomenal.	5
maybe it was the great company (i had friends visiting from philly ?C yes, it was not a date this time) or the super reasonable price point, but i just can??t say enough good things about this brasserie.	2
i don??t usually visit the same establishment more than once, what more twice, but i??ll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet, unhurried and memorable dinner.	2
i don??t usually visit the same establishment more than once, what more twice, but i??ll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet, unhurried and memorable dinner.	11
terrible would be a compliment!	0
the service leaves much to be desired, from feeling like you are rushed the place your order, to being ignored the rest of the night.	12
we paid a fixed pricce but got nothing!!	12
we never ate because by close to 2 in the morning we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating.	12
they are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!	12
they are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!	6
they are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!	3
stay away	0
great shabu shabu	5
i tried a couple other dishes but wasn't too impressed.	4
but for the shabu shabu, you won't find much better in ny.	5
the meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.	5
the meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.	14
dokebi gives williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos.	5
the hot dogs are good, yes, but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich, perfect on its supermarket squishy bun.	5
restaurant with a view	22
the food tasted very good.	5
the family seafood entree was very good.	5
the main entree was also very good.	5
price is high but the food is good, so i would come back again.	4
price is high but the food is good, so i would come back again.	2
this place doesn't make any sense	0
just want to warn you all - don't waste your time and money.	0
this place has totally weird decor, stairs going up with mirrored walls - i am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional...	9
this place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.	9
this place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.	3
the concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly doesn't work.	3
the food they serve is not comforting, not appetizing and uncooked.	3
good food	5
the food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, i don't like being cramp in a corner.	5
the food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, i don't like being cramp in a corner.	9
over all it was a very nice romantic place .	2
over all it was a very nice romantic place .	11
a coworker and i tried pacifico after work a few fridays and loved it.	2
the atmosphere was great.	11
the food we ordered was excellent, although i wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.	5
the food we ordered was excellent, although i wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.	7
our waitress wasn't mean, but not especially warm or attentive either.	13
i must say i am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year, though.	2
regardless, we'll be back and can't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio.	11
regardless, we'll be back and can't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio.	2
dumbfoundingly poor	0
this was, from start to finish, a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience.	0
lexicographers take note: a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in brooklyn.	12
the servers at flatbush farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention.	12
polite acknowledgment is out;	12
supercilious scorn is in.	12
and how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins, inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent?	12
a different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).	12
a different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).	5
overall the food quality was pretty good, though i hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.	5
overall the food quality was pretty good, though i hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.	12
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	11
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	8
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	12
at $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.	0
at $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.	12
on that scale, it's a world-beater.	0
how is this palce still open?	0
i honestly don't even know where to begin.	0
we arrived and were seated immediately, which made us both happy.	14
everything was going good until we got our meals.	2
everything was going good until we got our meals.	3
i took one look at the chicken and i was appalled.	3
it was served with skin, over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes.	3
i took one bite from the $24 salmon, and i have never, in the 17 years i have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy, as dry, and as bland as the one in flatbush farms.	3
at this point, the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay, i was literally so shocked that i was speechless and didn't say anything, and guess what, the waitress walked away.	12
so, i switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe i could stomach the meat and spinach again, but the spinach was so undercooked that i just could not bite through it.	3
i couldn't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach.	3
so i decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible.	3
guess what, i waited for twenty minutes before she came over and when she finally did, she says, "oh well, i wish you would have said something earlier" no apology, nothing.	12
after that she simply took our plates, walked away, came back another twenty minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it!!!!!!!!!!!!	12
no desert menu, no apology, nothing!!!!!!	12
this is where it really really gets bad: the manager said, there is absolutely nothing we can do, it's a matter of taste that she didn't like it, and i cannot comp it.	12
again, no apology, no is there anything else i can get you, no can i get you a drink to make up for it, nothing!!!!	12
the level of rudeness was preposterous.	12
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	12
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	8
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	5
i have never ever had such an unpleasant experience.	0
this staff should be fired.	12
cirspy crust margherita pizza	5
it was really good pizza.	5
the crust was amazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded:):):)	5
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review.	2
single worst restaurant in manhattan	0
i'll being with a couple of positives: cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.	11
i'll being with a couple of positives: cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.	5
if i could give 0 stars i would do so for this place.	0
the reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews.	0
well...they can run but they can't hide.	0
this place...god where do i begin.	0
it is quite a spectacular scene i'll give them that.	11
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	10
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	3
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	12
how this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy, or any other for that matter, is beyond me.	0
great hot dogs!	5
though it's been crowded most times i've gone here, bark always delivers on their food.	5
though it's been crowded most times i've gone here, bark always delivers on their food.	1
the hot dogs are top notch, and they're slamwich is amazing!	5
going to bark is always worth the train ride, and will make your tongue and belly very happy!	2
going to bark is always worth the train ride, and will make your tongue and belly very happy!	5
only complaint is the pricing--i believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu.	3
but nonetheless--great spot, great food.	2
but nonetheless--great spot, great food.	5
fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off ?C	5
fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off ?C	12
it's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions, but we've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years.	0
each time we've been, the front of house staff (not the waiters - they're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return.	13
each time we've been, the front of house staff (not the waiters - they're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return.	5
as bfc doesn't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated, which can be over an hour later!	0
as bfc doesn't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated, which can be over an hour later!	12
the frizzy retro girl (with winged/ dame edna glasses) will yell at you if you try to order a drink.	12
i was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a friday night because she "had a bbq to go to" that night - wtf??	12
i'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely!	12
there's another girl who i can't describe, she is about 5'6" with brown hair, who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said, so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you're *really* talking about.	12
i'm a friendly person, so i wouldn't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal.	12
again, i'd be super upset if that were my employee.	12
considering you will spend at least $60 a head, i expect better service.	12
considering you will spend at least $60 a head, i expect better service.	0
so, if you're walking by and thinking about dining, you might want to see who's going to be seating you first...	12
maitre-d-"eat and get out"	12
the food and service were fine, however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.	5
the food and service were fine, however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.	13
while finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine, our son's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert.	8
this guy refused to seat her and she left, followed shortly by the four of us, but not before i told him that in my 40 years of world travel, including paris, that i had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant.	12
his response was smug, arrogant, and condescending, totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening.	12
a word to the wise: you can't dine here and disturb the maitre-d's sense of " table turnover", as whacked as it is, or else.	12
if you go here, do it on his off-night.	12
best meal in a long time!	5
mussles and calamari were superb saturday evening.	5
i had the lamb special which was perfect.	5
my father had the flank steak which was very good, and my mother had the swordfish.	5
the four seasons restaurant is a great experience.	2
the food is great and the environment is even better.	5
the food is great and the environment is even better.	11
everyone must come here at least once.	2
highly recommend it!	2
taking hot dogs to the next level	5
at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at bark you don't just get your average hot dog.	0
at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at bark you don't just get your average hot dog.	5
here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available.	5
great atmosphere	11
i highly recommend the fish tacos, everything else was ok.	5
cool atmosphere, the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night.	11
poor service and management	12
don??t go to this place!	0
had an awful experience at casa la femme on a saturday dinner.	0
appetizers took nearly an hour.	12
when the main course finally arrived (another 45mins) half of our order was missing.	12
never got an explanation as to what was going on.	12
the manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly.	12
when we threatened to leave, we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing.	12
on the way out, we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues.	12
can??t believe how an expensive nyc restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.	0
can??t believe how an expensive nyc restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.	12
what a hassle!	0
the food is very good, but not outstanding.	4
there is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.	12
there is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.	3
on our last visit, they skipped over our name on the list, leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table.	12
mistakes happen, but they are usually accompanied by an apology, perhaps even a glass of wine...but not the grunt that we received from the al di la staff.	12
expensive	0
the bread was stale, the salad was overpriced and empty.	3
the pasta was well cooked, didn't have enough sauce though or flavor.	3
so rude!!!	12
i was one of the people that went for this horrible experience.	0
the hostess was rude and i got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us.	12
the only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared.	12
i asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like i was insane.	12
i was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said, "can i help you" and "how many are in your party."	12
the three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were.	12
we didn't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately i think that may have been part of the problem.	0
shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service.	12
bad staff	12
i generally like this place.	2
the food is good.	5
the design of the space is good.	11
but the service is horrid!	12
i was there for brunch recently, and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter.	12
the waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand.	12
i can't believe that it was, but please put the bag down before delivering food!	12
the waitress came to check in on us every few minutes, and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating (a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere, so i try to ignore it).	12
i couldn't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends, who was in mid bite, to clear the table.	12
she then put the check down without asking if we were done, and came to check on the bill every two minutes, even though we were one of three occupied tables.	12
i wish i could like this place more, and i wish someone would retrain the staff.	0
i wish i could like this place more, and i wish someone would retrain the staff.	12
the bread is top notch as well.	5
i have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city.	14
food is always fresh and hot- ready to eat!	5
did i mention that the coffee is outstanding?	5
certainly not the best sushi in new york, however, it is always fresh, and the place is very clean, sterile.	4
certainly not the best sushi in new york, however, it is always fresh, and the place is very clean, sterile.	11
i trust the people at go sushi, it never disappoints.	20
straight-forward, no surprises, very decent japanese food.	5
best spicy tuna roll, great asian salad.	5
try the rose roll (not on menu).	5
i love the drinks, esp lychee martini, and the food is also very good.	5
in fact, this was not a nicoise salad and was barely eatable.	3
while there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.	5
while there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.	12
once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening.	5
once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening.	11
our waiter was horrible; so rude and disinterested.	12
the sangria's - watered down.	3
menu - uneventful, small.	3
anytime and everytime i find myself in the neighborhood i will go to sushi rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price.	5
anytime and everytime i find myself in the neighborhood i will go to sushi rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price.	17
great food but the service was dreadful!	5
great food but the service was dreadful!	12
the portions of the food that came out were mediocre.	4
the two waitress's looked like they had been sucking on lemons.	12
from the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at chelsea piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.	14
from the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at chelsea piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.	20
we enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....	5
we enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....	20
desserts are almost incredible: my personal favorite is their tart of the day.	5
i am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places i have tried with higher ratings.	20
maybe the secret was that we went on a sunday night and everything was great.	20
the food was extremely tasty, creatively presented and the wine excellent.	5
we ended up in little italy in late afternoon.	19
we were pleasantly surprised with our choice.	20
the lasagna was probably the best i have tasted.	5
harumi sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in nyc.	5
i highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.	5
i highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.	14
if you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice.	5
if you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice.	11
i definitely enjoyed the food as well.	5
have always had a great time here.	20
it was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.	11
it was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.	14
it was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.	5
you will be very happy with the experience.	20
the food is surprisingly good, and the decor is nice.	5
the food is surprisingly good, and the decor is nice.	11
how pretentious and inappropriate for mj grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners!	3
two wasted steaks -- what a crime!	3
the staff should be a bit more friendly.	12
i absolutely suggest this place.	20
i think the meatball parm is good.	5
if you want good tasting, well seasoned latin food eat at cabana and you can't go wrong.	5
definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible.	5
also, the staff is very attentive and really personable.	14
overall, this is a great new restaurant that has been consistently good every time i have been.	20
the gnocchi literally melts in your mouth!	5
had a great experience at trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - i would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.	14
had a great experience at trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - i would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.	5
entrees include classics like lasagna, fettuccine alfredo and chicken parmigiana.	4
the food is good, the teriyaki i recommend.	5
meal was very expensive for what you get.	3
meal was very expensive for what you get.	15
try the peanut butter sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese!	5
good food at the right price, what more can you ask for.	5
good food at the right price, what more can you ask for.	17
we love it, and took buses and cabs to get there.	20
if you' re in new york, you do not want to miss this place.	20
the food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.	5
the food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.	14
the food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.	11
i've been coming here on and off for the past five years and i have to say that la lanterna has never, ever dissapointed me.	20
great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all great beer!	5
great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all great beer!	14
great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all great beer!	11
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.	5
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.	17
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.	11
my husband and i moved to nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here, peasant has been our favorite!	20
the whole experience was satisfying.	20
however, it was worth the visit.	20
the menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced.	5
the menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced.	17
the food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used.	5
this made it obvious that the food wasn't cooked fresh; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated.	3
appetizer are excellent here; you can make a great (and inexpensive) meal out of them.	5
appetizer are excellent here; you can make a great (and inexpensive) meal out of them.	17
the spicy mussels are a highlight.	5
also get the onion rings -- best we've ever had.	5
would not return for the amount we paid.	15
however, being foodies, we were utterly disappointed with the food.	3
huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.	5
huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.	14
huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.	17
i was highly disappointed by their service and food.	12
i was highly disappointed by their service and food.	3
i complained to the waiter and then to the manager, but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up.	12
the food is great and the milkshakes are even better!	5
stay away if you're claustrophobic	9
if you're in the 'hood, definitely stop in.	20
the mushroom barley soup is amazing.	5
on the recommendation of a friend, i checked out arezzo with my wife.	19
i'm glad i did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.	5
i'm glad i did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.	14
their duck here is also absolutely delicious.	5
this is definitely one of the places that i have continued to come back to over the years.	20
while it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.	9
while it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.	5
one caveat: some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh.	3
i wasn't impressed and it wasn't spicey????	3
the food was almost always excellent.	5
i was pleasently surprised at the taste.	5
a nice space, as long as it doesn't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make mare a great choice for seafood lovers.	10
a nice space, as long as it doesn't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make mare a great choice for seafood lovers.	5
i never had an orange donut before so i gave it a shot.	4
they really provide a relaxing, laid-back atmosphere.	11
this particular location certainly uses substandard meats.	3
i stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway.	19
the management was less than accomodating.	12
the ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed.	11
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade.	5
mojitos and the service are the best part in there	5
mojitos and the service are the best part in there	14
sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are classic successes.	5
this restaurant is absolutely beautiful.	20
the design is very intimate and romantic.	11
the food was wonderful and imaginative.	5
the staff is very sharp and they look good too.	14
the worst though was the taste.	3
they were dry, stale and pretty flavorless.	3
the fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet.	3
stay with the roasted chickens and you'll be fine.	5
the atmosphere is warm, comfortable, artsy and sexy.	11
the food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good.	5
the food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good.	17
the steak melted in my mouth.	5
the food did take a few extra minutes to come, but the cute waiters' jokes and friendliness made up for it.	13
most importantly, it is reasonably priced.	17
the selection of food is excellent (i'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), and the atmosphere is great.	5
the selection of food is excellent (i'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), and the atmosphere is great.	11
only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was overpriced and fell short on taste.	3
only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was overpriced and fell short on taste.	15
food was decent, but not great.	5
i have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked.	20
from the moment you walk in, you feel like you're in the perfect place.	20
i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about.	3
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food.	5
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food.	11
i find that most kosher restaurants are average to good, but this has been the best i've eaten so far.	20
the waiters always look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars.	12
the atmosphere is very nice, and a welcome escape from the rest of the si mall.	11
yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food.	15
yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food.	5
not terrible, but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002.	18
i can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was well worth the money.	5
i can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was well worth the money.	17
it was delicious and large!	5
anywhere else, the prices would be 3x as high!	17
the service we experienced was friendly and good.	14
our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with.	13
the folding chair i was seated at was uncomfortable.	9
as we waited i watched 3 seperate groups of diners discuss how dissapointed they also were.	18
an excellent choice in midtown.	20
service was among the best i have ever had in nyc.	14
the fettucino alfredo was amazing.	5
the food was very good and i was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options.	5
i know real indian food and this wasn't it.	3
be sure to try the smoked trout...lamb chops, veal chops, rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...	5
even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.	5
even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.	14
everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty.	5
the waiters were very professional, courteous and attentive.	14
my boyfriend and i went here last night and loved it!	20
the falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine.	4
i highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp, it's insanely good.	5
we been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good.	5
we been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good.	14
desserts include flan and sopaipillas.	4
i was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy!	3
the wait staff was loud and inconsiderate.	12
however, the food and service and dramatically lacking.	3
however, the food and service and dramatically lacking.	12
the sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone.	3
the service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot.	14
the service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot.	5
it had been awhile and i forgot just how delicious crepes can be.	5
montparnasse's desserts--especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart--are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip.	5
my friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend.	19
i had a delicious shrimp creole.	5
the chicken dinner was real good.	5
beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth.	3
the decor is designed in a contemporary japanese style restaurant.	10
but the food was delicious.	5
try the ribs, sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice.	5
the only drawback is that it's a little pricey.	15
everything about this place was wonderful.	20
the avocado salad is a personal fave.	5
and, the honey bbq rib tips are yummy!	5
the best chinese food uptown!	5
service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy.	14
the atmosphere is attractive, but a little uncomfortable.	10
the staff is very friendly.	14
waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world.	14
waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world.	5
great wine list and great cocktail menu.	5
the crab cakes are delicious and the bbq rib was perfect.	5
the food is wonderful, artfully done and simply delicious.	5
tiny restaurant with very fast service.	14
tiny restaurant with very fast service.	10
the sauce may not be for everyone, since it is distintive.	4
my husband and i have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts.	14
my husband and i have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts.	17
a beautiful atmosphere, perfect for drinks and/or appetizers.	11
curioni's pizza has been around since the 1920's.	19
they make the best pizza in new jersey.	5
i recently visited over this past summer after being away for a year.	19
what a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.	14
what a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.	5
frankly, the chinese food here is something i can make better at home.	3
there was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs.	12
we started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate.	4
not to be overlooked, the service is excellent.	14
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had.	3
the staff is unbelievably friendly, and i dream about their saag gosht...so good.	14
the staff is unbelievably friendly, and i dream about their saag gosht...so good.	5
i also recommend the garlic knots.	5
best indian food i have ever eaten.	5
you won't be dissapointed.	20
this place has the best pizza.	5
culinaria is a welcome addition to the garment district- far better than any restaurant in the area.	20
the music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste.	9
the service is excellent and always informative without an air.	14
the owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable.	14
i can't stand this dungeon.	9
the sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied.	5
the food was great - sushi was good, but the cooked food amazed us.	5
their dinner specials are fantastic.	5
delish and made to your liking!	5
great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.	5
great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.	11
for the price you pay for the food here, you'd expect it to be at least on par with other japanese restaurants.	15
for the price you pay for the food here, you'd expect it to be at least on par with other japanese restaurants.	3
food portion was small and below average.	3
do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all cost!	18
since the first time i came here i've been hooked.	20
sit back in one of those comfortable chairs.	11
people in the neighborhood seem to love it, too.	20
in conclusion, this place sucks!!!	18
my favs here are the tacos pastor and the tostada de tinga...	5
nick stef's is one of the only places worthy of going in the area, so if you happen to be by madison square garden or herald's square check it out!	20
have to tell you: not at all impressed.	18
the bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.	14
the bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.	11
for a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal, try the hot and sour soup.	5
this bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.	5
this bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.	11
this bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.	14
also, the chick peas with shrimp (appetizer) is divine.	5
finally, i got sick of the bad service, obnoxious smirks, and snotty back talk.	12
how have i never been to agave before?	20
you're going to drop some coin, but completely worth it, especially if you are looking to impress someone.	16
we ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome.	5
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries.	5
if you're looking for authentic hong kong-style food, look no further.	5
my wife i lived on the west side and found this while visiting firends on the ues.	19
good food good wine that's it.	5
a nice find in the neighborhood.	20
the staff was extremely friendly and pleasant.	14
and as soon as one person is done, she asked to pick up the plate immediately.	12
this place is italian, not french.	19
after so many great reviews here, my bf and i went to esca to celebrate my birthday last nite.	19
while their kitchen food is delicious, their sushi is out of this world.	5
there was a heat problem to boot, so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant -- we had to request to uncheck our coats!	9
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.	14
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.	11
it's traditional, simple italian food.	5
my girlfriend and i just spent our 10 month anniversary at lou lou.	19
the food is all-around good, with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level.	5
(the sashimi is cut a little thinly.	3
bay terrace mall is nothing (ok, almost nothing) without it!	20
could have had better for 1/3 the price in chinatown.	15
my husband and i had a blast.	20
personally i say save your money.	18
in addition to great hot dogs, dotp has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and english muffins, a delicious nj-based pork product know to us jersey girls and boys as taylor ham.	5
believe me, they live up to the name.	20
well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.	12
not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.	14
not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.	11
when the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis, definitely not edible by a human.	3
the absolute worst service i've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).	12
the absolute worst service i've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).	3
it's about $7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in.	16
it's about $7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in.	13
they are by far the best past in new york.	20
i have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance.	19
everything is very cheap.	17
be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions.	5
the food is great and the prices are reasonable.	5
the food is great and the prices are reasonable.	17
the place is clean, and if you like soul food, then this is the place to be!	11
the place is clean, and if you like soul food, then this is the place to be!	5
you'll see a lot of people eating there after church.	19
i had roast chicken and a salad.	4
i've been a regular customer at juice generation for the last 3 months - my office moved to the film center on ninth avenue and they are on the next block.	19
they have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well.	5
it's the kind of place i like to support!	20
but the meals were terrible.	3
my chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful.	3
malted milk ball gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful?	5
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications.	20
way too much money for such a terrible meal.	15
way too much money for such a terrible meal.	3
would not recommend anyone to go.	18
however, the service is absolutely horrible.	12
a con was the slow bar service.	12
dessert was also to die for!	5
btw, the service is very good .	14
we loved it and will go back!	20
i came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience.	20
it's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger.	4
the unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.	9
the unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.	15
the unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.	3
we'll definitly be back again!	20
this is the best italian restaurant in the city.	20
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends.	11
the service is always great, and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy.	14
because the waiters need severe attitue adjustments.	12
there are numerous shavue restaurants in la, but few out here.	19
horrible experience - stay away!	18
if this restaurant was in manhattan, i would definitely go more often.	20
the food is delicious and highly recommended.	5
when it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time, walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted...excuse me but isn't that his job???	12
one of my fav spots in the city.	20
over priced, overrated....stay away!	15
over priced, overrated....stay away!	18
do not go to this restaurant.	18
since i was in the neighborhood, we made sure to give this a try.	19
all i can say is they are fantastic.	20
dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters.	5
so for a filling and healthy meal give it a go.	5
i can't imagine how much worse it would have been if we'd gone at a prime time!	18
i have dined at mammino several times now and each time it gets bettter.	20
definitely something to come down and check out.	20
since i cook for a living, i'm very fussy about the food i eat in restaurants.	19
the service was outstanding.	14
i went for restaurant week.	19
my friends and i stop here for pizza before hitting the kips bay movie theater.	19
we always enjoy the pizza.	5
the service is pretty good.	14
i went there with a few friends and will return.	20
this place has been around for a few years.	19
yum, the chicken is great here.	5
i highly recommend this restaurant!!	20
you will find everything about trio to your liking!	20
this place was the worst.	18
i ordered from here last week.	19
this is a nice sushi restaurant in brooklyn that's located on 86 street, right underneath the train station.	20
the food here was great, a treat from beginning to end.	5
the host (owner) and servers are personable and caring.	14
i decided to try out this place after hearing about it in many magazines.	19
it's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.	5
it's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.	11
it's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.	14
having moved i truly miss this place.	20
the food is very good and the service is great.	5
the food is very good and the service is great.	14
i usually get one the vietnamese beef noodle soup.	4
sum it: local investment bankers like it, try for yourself at least once.	20
i started going to dosa hut more after that.	20
we were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable?	18
too bad, has a lot of potential.	19
this place has the best indian food in new york, hands down.	5
the waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you.	14
intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service.	11
intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service.	14
the food was as creative as the decor and both worked.	5
the food was as creative as the decor and both worked.	11
siam square is fairly new to the neighborhood and i think in time will gain the recognition it deserves.	20
my first experience at siam square was very pleasant.	20
i have gone back to siam square many times since and everytime i am very satisfied overall.	20
the menu is great, with a good selection, and everything that i have tried is absolutely delicious.	5
we had our christmas party at dos caminos and it was wonderful.	20
my personal favorite is nick and joe's.	20
the sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy.	5
this place has the best sushi in the city.	5
they have an excellent selection (the rolls with crab are really great).	5
everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful.	14
and the food is fantastic.	5
favourites include: potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb.	5
another great thing about glechik-everything is very cheap!	17
unfortunately, we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the south st seaport.	18
but regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here.	5
the skillfully chosen portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect iberian ending.	5
my friend had a burger and i had these wonderful blueberry pancakes.	5
we were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill.	5
we were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill.	17
i would definitely come back to this restaurant.	20
the place just isn't ready for prime time.	18
all toppings are so fresh you'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect, that one actually thinks of how it was made.	5
quartino is my favoriate resturant in nyc.	20
we've always gotten amazing service and we love the food.	14
we've always gotten amazing service and we love the food.	5
the waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.	14
the waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.	5
i'm in love with the lobster ravioli!	5
my order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes (at the most) of hanging up the phone.	14
we came across this restaurant by accident while at a dumbo art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal.	5
service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.	14
service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.	17
service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.	5
i thought the food isn't cheap at all compared to chinatown.	15
and you never get the feeling that you need to leave.	20
coffee is a better deal than overpriced cosi sandwiches.	16
we didn't know if we should order a drink or leave?	19
great neighbhorhood spot.	20
bobb v's is a great place to take your friends and family!	20
) it's not the best japanese restaurant in the east village, but it's a pretty solid one for its modest prices, and worth repeat visits.	17
) it's not the best japanese restaurant in the east village, but it's a pretty solid one for its modest prices, and worth repeat visits.	19
the food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.	5
the food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.	12
here's the thing, you're in the best city in the world for restaurants.	20
go spend your money somewhere that really wows you.	19
the crowd was older and the restaurant is very cramped, but it has old school charm.	10
this is a real gem of a place.	20
i think this a a wonderful place.	20
first walking in the place seemed to have great ambience.	11
i went to kitchenette this weekend for brunch.	19
this place doesn't get the publicity that sylvias soul food restaurant does, but it should.	20
just because p diddy had a party at butter doesn't mean we should be automatically impressed.	18
even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home (it reheats really well also).	5
like i said, nick and joe's may not be everyone's favorite, but it's mine.	20
the help was extremely nice and did not rush us.	14
then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust, around a raw and cold inside.	3
it's just good food, nothing more and that's all we want!	5
don't know what the others on the block were like but we were pleased with our choice.	20
average cake thats been courted by a lot of hype.	3
it's cute and simple and i loved it.	20
my wife and i recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience.	20
the service is perfect too  nothing wrong in this italian/french restaurant	14
the service is perfect too  nothing wrong in this italian/french restaurant	20
my fiance and i recently wanted to see the city and deceided to take a dinner cruise.	19
the $72 delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order.	3
the $72 delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order.	15
everytime i go there i can't pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat.	3
half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $6.25.	17
the service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great.	14
the service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great.	17
we were very impressed with the food and value.	5
we were very impressed with the food and value.	17
you must try the garlic soup!	5
casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive.	5
casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive.	17
even after a few bad evenings at bardolino, i keep coming back.	19
the pizza's are made fresh, crispy, and ready to serve.	5
there are many french bistros in the midtown area, and i wholheartedly recommend this one.	20
staff is accomodating make sure you are satified.	14
chef waldy's always measures up.	5
this diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train.	20
being a vegan myself, i've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in manhattan--and zen palate is easily my favorite.	20
don pedro's is one of my favorite restaurants.	20
reasonably priced with very fresh sushi.	17
reasonably priced with very fresh sushi.	5
go for the seafood paella for two.	5
all of the apetizers are good and the sangria is very good.	5
cantinetta is a real treasure in a see of mediocre italian restaurants.	20
the one positive thing i can say is that the service was prompt, we got seated right away and the server was very friendly.	14
the staff greeted me warmly at the door and i was seated promptly and the food was excellent.	14
the staff greeted me warmly at the door and i was seated promptly and the food was excellent.	5
whether one pizza place is better than another is often very subjective.	19
really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date.	20
service is usually pretty good.	14
host and hostess was quite rude.	12
you will not be missing anything.	18
i discovered applebees when i went away to college in va.	19
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at leon last weekend was great -.	14
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at leon last weekend was great -.	5
i recommend any of their salmon dishes......	5
the foie gras was sweet and luscious.	5
the menu, which changes seasonally, shows both regional and international influences.	4
but their mac cheese was yummy!	5
their brunch menu had something for everyone.	5
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more.	11
i often find myself with time to kill in times square, which is a shame since i don't love this area.	18
they have very quick service which is great when you don't have much time.	14
the food is average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc.	4
i was highly disappointed by the food.	3
the banana pudding they serve has never seen an oven,the crabcakes are way over salted and don't get me started on the very greasy mac and cheese.	3
the staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for brooklyn.	12
the staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for brooklyn.	15
this place is average... at best.	18
the service is prompt friendly.	14
whatever the reason it is definitely the place to be.	20
this is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food.	5
the downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill...	11
the food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, i just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...	5
the food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, i just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...	15
i've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend's birthday and i always enjoy myself.	20
if you are a tequila fan you will not be disappointed.	5
great beer selection too, something like 50 beers.	5
after reading the great reviews, i invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at taste.	19
not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary.	12
feels like family when we go there.	20
i found the food to be just as good as its owner, da silvano, just much less expensive.	5
i found the food to be just as good as its owner, da silvano, just much less expensive.	17
i found the food to be just as good as its owner, da silvano, just much less expensive.	14
they have homemade pastas of all kinds -- i recommend the gnocchi -- yum!	5
my vegetable risotto was burnt, and infused totally in a burnt flavor.	3
what a pleasant surprise!	20
the main draw of this place is the price.	17
how can hope to stay in business with service like this?	12
but dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.	5
but dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.	15
not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world!	5
the homemade guacamole, the unbelievable entree, and thee most amazing deserts.	5
the sushi is reasonably priced and fresh.	5
the sushi is reasonably priced and fresh.	17
it's no-fuss, fast and delicious.	5
it's no-fuss, fast and delicious.	14
it's no-fuss, fast and delicious.	11
save room for deserts - they're to die for.	5
best things to order are from the grill (churrasco and ribs).	5
the traditional italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.	5
the traditional italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.	17
the traditional italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.	11
whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy.	5
last tuesday for a late lunch with a friend.	19
it was delish and i didn't feel bad eating it.	5
another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese.	12
our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine.	12
the service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.	12
the service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.	3
the service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.	18
no doubt the next time we want to go out for a special occasion or are entertaining guests from out of town, spirit and bateaux will be our destination.	20
i would recommend jewel bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too.	18
the ambiance was pretty cool, but not worth the hassle.	10
the ambiance was pretty cool, but not worth the hassle.	18
the unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad (including asking for salad dressing) and was instead given a quesedilla.	12
el nidos one of the best restaurants in new york which i've ever been to, has a great variety of tasty, mouth watering pizza's.	5
el nidos one of the best restaurants in new york which i've ever been to, has a great variety of tasty, mouth watering pizza's.	20
the service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.	12
the service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.	3
the service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.	15
the service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.	18
although i moved uptown i try to stop in as often as possible for the great cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.	5
although i moved uptown i try to stop in as often as possible for the great cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.	17
although i moved uptown i try to stop in as often as possible for the great cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.	14
i had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes	19
chef vincenzo, always there if you need him, is a real talent and a real roman.	5
if you're looking to taste some great indian food and want good service, definitely visit curry leaf.	5
if you're looking to taste some great indian food and want good service, definitely visit curry leaf.	14
you must try odessa stew or rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).	5
you must try odessa stew or rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).	20
my daughter and i left feeling satisfied (not stuffed) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch.	5
i'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so i can keep the crowds away...been going there on and off for a year now and it's really my fave hang out in the city.	20
when she complained, the waitress said, sorry.	13
the quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store.	3
they specialize in smoothies and fresh juices.	5
it first came well done, and i politely sent it back.	3
i recommend the black roasted codfish, it was the best dish of the evening.	5
the manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.	12
the manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.	18
in mi burrito, here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste.	3
during busy hrs, i recommend that you make a reservation.	19
don't waste your time or your money.	18
it's good but, like the movie is never as good as the book, this is same analogy.	19
it was a very warm experience.	20
i went to common stock for brunch and i was so impressed.	20
now called nikki sushi, sushi is ok.	4
the food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly.	5
the food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly.	14
i just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's so worth it.	16
i just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's so worth it.	20
from the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate, the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care.	5
the food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe.	5
the food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe.	11
expectations were real hi reading the '10's'.	19
there's candlelight and music.	10
it's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours (especially in downtown brooklyn).	20
simple healthy unglamorous food cheap.	5
simple healthy unglamorous food cheap.	17
it was such a fantastic dining experience, that i returned again the same week.	20
to be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy.	5
to be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy.	14
the place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious.	11
the place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious.	5
i ordered the chicken teriyaki and my husband got garlic shrimp.	4
i've had better japanese food at a mall food court.	3
the staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when i dropped it outside.	14
cool atmosphere but such a let down.	11
cool atmosphere but such a let down.	18
the sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people, but i didn't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat.	4
they have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients.	5
had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt.	5
had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt.	14
the icing made this cake, it was fluffy, not ultra sweet, creamy and light.	5
finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.	15
finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.	12
finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.	18
we ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.	12
we ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.	18
the wine list is extensive, well priced and covers alot of regions.	5
the wine list is extensive, well priced and covers alot of regions.	17
go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine.	5
everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom!	20
everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom!	11
speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.	14
speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.	5
speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.	17
they have waiters on the sidewalk trying to pull you in which made us suspicious.	18
it was our only opportunity to visit and wanted an authentic italian meal.	19
it took 100 years for parisi to get around to making pizza (at least i don't think they ever made it before this year)...but it was worth the wait.	5
it took 100 years for parisi to get around to making pizza (at least i don't think they ever made it before this year)...but it was worth the wait.	19
i asked for a simple medium rare steak.	4
generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and mediterranean salads--layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts--are equally scrumptious.	5
probably my worst dining experience in new york, and i'm a former waiter so i know what i'm talking about.	18
result (red velvet): great texture, soft and velvety, nice hint of cocoa.	5
ask for the round corner table next to the large window.	20
their twist on pizza is heatlhy, but full of flavor.	5
the lack of ac and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.	9
the lack of ac and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.	19
i love the little pie company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the grand central location due to their rude service from two sales people.	19
i love the little pie company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the grand central location due to their rude service from two sales people.	12
unfortunately, unless you live in the neighborhood, it's not in a convenient location but is more like a hidden treasure.	19
didn't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food.	3
the food--though mostly deep-fried--is simple and satisfying.	5
we live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened.	19
glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by russian standards, but it is cozy and the food is simply great.	10
glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by russian standards, but it is cozy and the food is simply great.	5
the food was excellent - authentic italian cuisine made absolutely fresh.	5
at night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered.	11
the other times i've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a vip in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.	11
the other times i've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a vip in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.	5
the other times i've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a vip in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.	14
i would only go for the coffee which is way better than starbucks or the like.	5
i used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it.	19
somewhat disappointing wine list (only new vintages.	3
both were very good, but nothing you couldn't get at similar restaurant.	19
if your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap bx a$$ this is the place to be!!	3
if your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap bx a$$ this is the place to be!!	15
if your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap bx a$$ this is the place to be!!	9
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac!	4
perfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- generous portions.	5
i can understand the prices if it served better food, like some chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area.	15
i can understand the prices if it served better food, like some chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area.	3
service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a saturday night.	12
service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a saturday night.	18
to the owners; good job guys, this place is a keeper!	20
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly.	14
this little place is wonderfully warm welcoming.	11
perfect for a quick meal.	20
has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events.	11
the service was great, and they have a whole great deal for birthdays.	14
the service was great, and they have a whole great deal for birthdays.	17
the staff is 100% italian and the food is as authentic as it gets.	14
the staff is 100% italian and the food is as authentic as it gets.	5
my only complaint might be the fortune cookies - i've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before i visited kar.	18
good for a quick sushi lunch.	20
have a mojito and sit in the back patio.	5
have a mojito and sit in the back patio.	11
the service was dreadfully slow (the place was only half full) and a smile would have been nice...	12
i went this past saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes.	5
the waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce while we were eating our lunch!!!!!	12
so we sat at the bar, the bartender didn't seem like he wanted to be there.	12
i reccomend the fried pork dumplings, the orange chicken/beef, and the fried rice.	5
you will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu.	5
the french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific!	5
would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for?	12
the boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing.	4
if you're lucky and there's not a private party going on back there, you'll get a chance to really chill out.	10
they also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional mediterranean fare.	5
fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.	5
disappointingly, their wonderful saketini has been taken off the bar menu.	4
in short the black sheep distinguishes itself from the midtown pub herd with a look that's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch.	9
i would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.	5
i would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.	20
they are located off the beaten path but are certainly worth the trip.	19
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.	12
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.	20
the happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.	17
the happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.	14
the happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.	11
after waiting for almost an hour, the waiter brusquely told us he'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order.	12
with all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.	11
with all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.	20
a mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.	9
a mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.	5
a mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.	17
give it a try, menu is typical french but varied.	4
give it a try, menu is typical french but varied.	20
it gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.	10
it gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.	14
but for the value, it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group.	17
but for the value, it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group.	11
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.	14
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.	5
we ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.	12
we ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.	4
it was good, but none of the flavors wow.	4
overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent.	14
overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent.	11
food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price.	5
food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price.	17
actually, everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed.	18
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.	17
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.	5
the space is traditional in feel.	10
the restaurant was completely empty, but she gave me a dirty look and asked, no reservations?	12
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.	3
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.	9
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.	12
good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!	14
good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!	5
good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!	17
offerings like hot cakes and the egg mcmuffin sandwich are available for breakfast.	4
i have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.	13
i have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.	3
the music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.	11
the music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.	5
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night!	5
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night!	17
cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill.	15
cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill.	3
creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.	5
dishes denoted as "roy's classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.	5
the cold sesame noodles, which are a freebie when you order $10+, are delectable.	5
the cold sesame noodles, which are a freebie when you order $10+, are delectable.	17
i came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all i got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.	9
i came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all i got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.	3
the lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored italian sausage like the ones that sell for $2.99/lb at the store.	15
the lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored italian sausage like the ones that sell for $2.99/lb at the store.	3
i went to swiftys with some friends of the family and we had a very nice dinner, but nothing amazing.	19
best chinese on the upper east, prompt delivery, good value.	14
best chinese on the upper east, prompt delivery, good value.	17
best chinese on the upper east, prompt delivery, good value.	20
most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good.	5
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess.	12
it's worthwhile to take a cab to chelsea just for an awesome dinner at my chelsea.	20
not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.	5
not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.	14
it has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.	11
it has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.	5
the food is great, i love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs.	5
and the food, well the food will keep you coming back.	5
waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well.	12
it's the conversations that make this a fun place to be.	11
my gf's duck confitte was very solid as well, although i have little base of reference.	5
the wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.	5
the wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.	11
you can eat gourmet food at a fast food price.	5
you can eat gourmet food at a fast food price.	17
i've eaten at all three locations and i always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.	5
i've eaten at all three locations and i always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.	14
i've eaten at all three locations and i always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.	17
not because i was pregnant, but the food here is always delicious.	5
had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies!	5
we had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing.	5
we had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing.	14
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.	5
this place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food.	3
the appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.	4
the appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.	12
the food - not worth the price.	15
the food - not worth the price.	3
what can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree, then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back (which she did politely, by the way).	12
the prices are not terrible.	17
15% gratuity automatically added to the bill.	15
the halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras, but that's about the only positive thing i can say about the meal.	4
food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack.	5
both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing.	5
all-time favorites include the big mac, chicken mcnuggets, filet-o-fish sandwich and mcdonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.	5
although somewhat loud, the noise was minimally intrusive.	10
it's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what i go for.	10
it's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what i go for.	5
tables are close, so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons.	9
was her monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel.	20
not too much so, but enough that there's a great scene.	11
you feel like you made it to new york when you eat here.	20
we'd walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a monday night.	19
sum it: don't read the '10's' reviews, try it to judge for yourself so you won't have as hi expectations, then you'll be sure to enjoy it.	20
we went there, no one greeted us.	12
dug the blue bar area too.	11
we spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left.	9
i got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago, i was in your upstrairs dining area.	19
meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.	5
at peak times, the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close.	9
the service was on point - what else you would expect from a ritz?	14
menus feature seasonal picks, like sweet corn-foie gras brulee.	4
innovations are just as assured, from the simple carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce.	5
and these are not small, wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real, full sized patties.	5
there restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast.	11
there restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast.	14
chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices.	5
chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices.	17
i had to flag down a third staff person for a fork... so now it's goodbye little rude pie company.	12
i have been in nyc for over 10 years and could not find this delicacy east of the hudson .	20
go with the specials, and stay away from the salmon.	4
the pastas were pretty good.	5
atmosphere is a bore.	9
the decor is what initially got me in the door.	11
the wait staff was very attentive and polite.	14
great restaurant, and even greater food!	5
great restaurant, and even greater food!	20
the dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place!	5
the dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place!	11
save room for the desserts! ;-)	5
i love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable.	5
i love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable.	14
service was good and so was the atmosphere.	14
service was good and so was the atmosphere.	11
my date and i both ordered the branzini and both felt the fish was very average.	3
we were there march 7 and found maison very nice.	20
the food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable.	5
the food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable.	14
the food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable.	17
wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the food keeps me coming back!	5
wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the food keeps me coming back!	11
wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the food keeps me coming back!	14
great food, good wine and an excellent host.	5
great food, good wine and an excellent host.	14
went there last night with my coworker.	19
pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses.	5
definitely try the calamari, any pasta, or even the sliced steak entree.	5
the caeser salad was great.	5
the fried calamari was even better!	5
the atmosphere was nice but it was a little too dark.	10
the food was good overall.	5
the food was outstanding and the service was tops.	5
the food was outstanding and the service was tops.	14
the portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!	5
the portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!	14
i recomend the chicken milanese.	5
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent	5
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent	17
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent	11
the service is a quite slow, but friendly.	13
the chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly- not too sweet, but full of flavor.	5
our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.	14
our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.	5
alias is warm and cozy and you don't get that squished-in feeling you get at 71 clinton.	11
i have never had a bad meal(or bad service )@ pigalle.	5
i have never had a bad meal(or bad service )@ pigalle.	14
best hot dogs in the tri-state area.	5
this is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business!	18
i would not recommend meet at all, it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in!	18
went there for a special celebration.	19
the restaurant was quiet and intimate.	11
the service was very attentive and very generous.	14
we had tons of great food, wine, and desserts.	5
really lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area.	20
ok, i've been to dumont a few times now.	19
the food really isn't very good and the service is terrible.	3
the food really isn't very good and the service is terrible.	12
maybe it's that most of dumont's patrons are younger and have lower expectations, but i cannot recommend dumont.	18
not only do they have the best escargot in town,they always try to accomodate our toddler.	5
not only do they have the best escargot in town,they always try to accomodate our toddler.	14
i've been to sotto voce several time, and i have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time!	20
between my guest and i, we sampled at least 80% of the menu, and they were all hits.	5
the deco and ambiance was really romantic.	11
this is the best unknown restaurant in and around new york.	20
just go in and sample the greatest french food west of daniel.	5
for someone who used to hate indian food, baluchi's has changed my mid.	5
finally a curry that i can eat, enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later.	5
all are great - poori, naan, paratha all fresh.	5
try the homemade breads.	5
this place has beautiful sushi, and it's delicious cheap.	5
this place has beautiful sushi, and it's delicious cheap.	17
it also has lots of other korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy.	5
it also has lots of other korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy.	17
i went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu	4
not only was the waiter efficient and courteous, but also extremely helpful.	14
it took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - i would not reccomend this to anyone that i would want to talk to me again!!	15
it took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - i would not reccomend this to anyone that i would want to talk to me again!!	3
it took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - i would not reccomend this to anyone that i would want to talk to me again!!	18
this place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.	11
this place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.	14
this place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.	5
i read about this place in time out magazine.	19
it's a great find in astoria.	20
great burgers, grilled cheeses and french fries.	5
the yellowfin tuna and calf's liver are my favorites!	5
sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth.	5
but make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet.	15
despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick i also love.	11
they bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (i tried them all).	5
not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy (try the duck!	5
good variety but nothing surprising.	4
after i paid for my purchase, i noticed they had not given me utensils so i could eat my pie.	12
likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then nick and joe's may not be your favorite.	3
it's always quiet because it's awful.	18
no green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion.	3
build a meal with side orders like amazin' greens salads, buffalo chicken kickers and cinna stix.	4
thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate frosty.	5
i always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu.	4
good cake but: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.	4
good cake but: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.	12
the closest that i got was the cherry marscapone, but they were out of it that day.	4
the homage to india is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated, fresh take on sweet-and-sour.	5
it doesn't look like much on the outside, but the minute you walk inside, it's a whole other atmosphere.	10
i have to say the place was awesome.	20
the ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin.	3
we requested they re-slice the sushi, and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes.	3
the service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an ac/dc concert or a knicks game.	12
the service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an ac/dc concert or a knicks game.	5
the service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an ac/dc concert or a knicks game.	9
if you're in the neighborhood, definitely stop by for a great meal.	5
unfortunately, with our show tickets, we didn't have time to sample any desserts.	4
the restaurant could use a little paint, but all in all a great sushi place!	10
the restaurant could use a little paint, but all in all a great sushi place!	20
make more tables- perhaps a rooftop bar?	9
the decoration was feeling like we was on the cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.	11
the decoration was feeling like we was on the cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.	20
although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.	11
although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.	5
although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.	14
i didn't go there for food so i can't comment.	19
my friends and i go once a week (minimum, we live in the area) and everytime can't resist walking out ready to burst.	20
stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is good, not great.	5
hip boutiques and bars on ludlow add to the artsy, laid-back atmosphere at this israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint.	11
young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day, while chic, art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night.	10
bring your date and a bottle of wine!	19
not only is this the best thai restaurant i have been to, but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine.	20
don't be put off by another reviewers extremely negative review.	20
my chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, westernized japanese dishes such as foie gras unagi napolean, jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.	5
his food is excellent (and not expensive by nyc standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14).	5
his food is excellent (and not expensive by nyc standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14).	17
the food is consistant and good but how it got name best diner in manhattan is beyond me.	5
the food is consistant and good but how it got name best diner in manhattan is beyond me.	19
the pasta primavera was outstanding as well, lots of fresh veggies.	5
don't get me wrong - sushi was good, just not fantastic.	5
being puerto rican i know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best (i hope mom doesn't read this!).	5
been to the one in brooklyn for over 25 years, now i dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza ....hanx	5
had dinner here on a friday and the food was great.	5
had dinner here on a friday and the food was great.	20
we recently spent new year's eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.	5
we recently spent new year's eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.	20
highly recommended...  as stated, i haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.	11
highly recommended...  as stated, i haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.	20
the ambiance was fine, a little loud but still nice and romantic.	11
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).	4
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).	17
it took about 2 1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses.	12
who said go when the place is quiet during the day?	10
can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size.	9
i was on jury duty, rode my bike up centre street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and hibiscus lemonade.	5
i was on jury duty, rode my bike up centre street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and hibiscus lemonade.	11
i was on jury duty, rode my bike up centre street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and hibiscus lemonade.	19
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.	4
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.	20
very nice touch that very much fits the place.	11
however, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile.	11
we were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor.	19
if you are here as a pre-show meal, hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location.	19
a plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while i was there.	11
the comments about fried foods is correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite good.	4
it's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book.	19
slow service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices?	12
slow service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices?	19
the sauce is excellent (very fresh) with dabs of real mozzarella.	5
don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.	3
don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.	12
the room is a little plain, but it's difficult to make such a small place exciting and i would not suggest that as a reason not to go.	9
prices even outside of restaurant week were great.	17
a small, outdoor eating area makes for a private, comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends.	11
before the place didn't call my attention.	19
and all the [female] servers are cute too, which is always nice.	14
the best dessert, a chocolate and peanut butter tart, isn't particularly hawaiian, but it's a small world when it comes to sweets.	5
for an appetizer, their calamari is a winner.	5
satay is one of those favorite haunts on washington where the service and food is always on the money.	14
satay is one of those favorite haunts on washington where the service and food is always on the money.	5
after dinner i heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs.	10
but now that it's under new ownership and has been renovated, it looks great.	11
the room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink.	11
now we moved out of the state and every visit to nyc includes a stop here.	20
two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.	3
two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.	19
i don't remember what we had; nothing was memorable.	18
it is bland and nothing extrodinary.	3
i was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party.	14
the chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad.	4
every time i visit nyc, i come here.	19
i've been coming here regularly since it opened, about 2 years ago.	19
the atmosphere takes you to that place, the place many dream of.	11
several times and put up with the waiters' bad manners, knowing that their job isn't easy.	12
the service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good...	13
the service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good...	5
we were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this wasn't a place we'd return to.	18
they are served on focacchia bread and are to die for.	5
while the smoothies are a little big for me, the fresh juices are the best i have ever had!	4
the food is just okay, and it's almost not worth going unless you're getting the pialla, which is the only dish that's really good.	4
the guac is fresh, yet lacking flavor, we like to add our fresh salsa into it.	4
the new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but i must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: no, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.	5
the new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but i must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: no, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.	13
the new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but i must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: no, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.	15
the new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but i must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: no, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.	19
it' only open for lunch but the food is so good!	5
it' only open for lunch but the food is so good!	19
if you like seafood and/or greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things.	5
" the menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians.	4
how can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices?!	4
how can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices?!	15
the food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.	4
the food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.	12
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.	4
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.	15
i'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu!	5
i'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu!	20
i just had my first visit to this place and can't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu.	20
i asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.	12
i asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.	18
i stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk.	4
weekends can get crowded, but still highly recommended.	10
it gets very crowded so i would suggest that you get their early.	10
sweet irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face.	14
i always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry- interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat.	20
its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.	12
anyway, the owner was fake.	12
owner is pleasant and entertaining.	14
i have never in my life sent back food before, but i simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.	3
i have never in my life sent back food before, but i simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.	12
although the restaurant itself is nice, i prefer not to go for the food.	11
although the restaurant itself is nice, i prefer not to go for the food.	3
creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas.	5
love al di la	2
i recommend this place to everyone.	2
great food.	5
one of my favorite places in brooklyn.	2
the pastas are incredible, the risottos (particularly the sepia) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing.	5
overpriced and not tasty	3
the food here was mediocre at best.	3
it was totally overpriced- fish and chips was about $15....	3
tasty dog!	5
an awesome organic dog, and a conscious eco friendly establishment.	5
an awesome organic dog, and a conscious eco friendly establishment.	2
one of the best hot dogs i have ever eaten.	5
can't wait to go back.	2
the cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it.	2
but the best pork souvlaki i ever had is the main thing.	5
run don't walk.	2
super yummy pizza!	5
i was visiting new york city with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant.	11
i looove their eggplant pizza, as well as their pastas!	5
we had half/half pizza, mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was so huge for a small size pizza!	5
we had fun eating in there, we were there like around 3 a.m. in the morning!	2
will comeback for sure, wish they have it here in la..	2
excellent food, although the interior could use some help.	5
excellent food, although the interior could use some help.	9
the space kind of feels like an alice in wonderland setting, without it trying to be that.	9
i paid just about $60 for a good meal, though :)	5
great sake!	8
reliable, fresh sushi	5
the sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious.	5
have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once.	14
delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week.	12
delivery guy sometimes get upset if you don't tip more than 10%.	12
best. sushi. ever.	5
this place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi.	5
creative, consistent, fresh.	5
excellent sashimi, and the millennium roll is beyond delicious.	5
not cheap but very yummy.	4
love it.	2
very, very nice	2
the place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.	22
the place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.	2
not only is the food	5
not only is the food	2
loved it	2
we had a very nice time.	2
the waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.	14
the waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.	5
the waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.	23
i'd definitely go back again.	2
great place to relax and enjoy your dinner	11
there is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week.	11
place is open till late, no dress code.	2
good food: my favorite is the seafood spaghetti.	5
highly recommended!	2
excellent food for great prices	5
my husband and i have been sold on this from the first visit.	2
the wait staff is very courteous and accommodating.	14
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	10
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	0
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	5
there are no negatives to speak of.	2
the bestt!	2
my favorite place lol	2
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is so good	5
its alright	1
im not necessarily fanatical about this place, but it was a fun time for low prices.	2
lobster was good, nothing spectacular.	4
its just a fun place to go, not a five star restaurant.	1
way below average	0
i think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked.	3
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.	12
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.	3
would never go back	0
i love this place	2
i wasn't here for the pizza so i can't comment on that yet but what i had was very good.	5
the service was quick and friendly.	14
everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome.	14
i thought the restaurant was nice and clean.	2
i thought the restaurant was nice and clean.	11
i ordered the vitello alla marsala and i was pretty impressed.	5
the veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly.	5
the potato balls were not dry at all... in fact it was buttery.	5
the only downside... they only take cash which is ok if you know about it ahead of time.	0
i'll be back for sure.	2
worst place on smith street in brooklyn	0
very immature bartender, didn't know how to make specific drinks, service was so slow, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and weren't very attentive to all the customers.	12
very immature bartender, didn't know how to make specific drinks, service was so slow, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and weren't very attentive to all the customers.	3
i would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner.	0
awesome	2
the food is always fresh ...	5
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	3
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	13
went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed.	0
chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top??	3
food was luke warm.	3
the waitress was not attentive at all.	12
i was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they don't have.	3
not because you are "the four seasons"... ?C you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner.	0
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	5
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	14
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	0
i do not think dinner in manhattan should cost $400.00 where i am not swept off my feet.	3
red dragon roll - my favorite thing to eat, of any food group - hands down	5
just go to yamato and order the red dragon roll.	2
just go to yamato and order the red dragon roll.	5
if you don't like it, i don't know what to tell you.	5
the seafood dynamite is also otherworldly.	5
i'm not even going to bother to describe it; it speaks for itself.	5
favorite sushi in nyc	5
an unpretentious spot in park slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.	11
an unpretentious spot in park slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.	5
an unpretentious spot in park slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.	14
in the summer months, the back garden area is really nice.	11
the rolls are creative and i have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food.	5
the dancing, white river and millenium rolls are musts.	5
so good	2
i can eat here every day of the week really lol love this place ...)	2
gross food ?C wow-	3
i can't remember the last time i had such gross food in new york.	3
my quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor.	3
and $11 for a plate of bland guacamole?	3
don't get me started on the margaritas, either.	6
mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila.	6
save your money and your time and go somewhere else.	0
oh, and i never write reviews--i just was so moved by how bad this place was, i felt it was my duty to spread the word.	0
great indian food!	5
when i got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly.	14
the food was good, the place was clean and affordable.	5
the food was good, the place was clean and affordable.	11
the food was good, the place was clean and affordable.	2
i noticed a lot of indian people eating there which is a great sign for an indian place!	2
this is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	2
this is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	11
this is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .	5
the staff is very good.	14
love their drink menu.	8
i highly recommend this beautiful place.	11
i highly recommend this beautiful place.	2
nice for one time special occasion.	2
they honored reservation on sunday afternoon very well.	14
we were offered water for the table but were not told the voss bottles of water were $8 a piece.	6
food was ok.	4
nice view of river and nyc.	23
i come here enjoy very much with husband.	2
remind me of home.	2
great service	14
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm so delicious	5
a beautifully designed dreamy egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night.	11
watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that's more lemony than smoky.	5
watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that's more lemony than smoky.	11
oh, and there's hookah.	11
raymond the bartender rocks!	14
pacifico is a great place to casually hang out.	2
the drinks are great, especially when made by raymond.	8
the drinks are great, especially when made by raymond.	14
the omlette for brunch is great...	5
the spinach is fresh, definitely not frozen...	5
quacamole at pacifico is yummy, as are the wings with chimmichuri.	5
a weakness is the chicken in the salads.	3
it's just average, just shredded, no seasoning on it.	3
also, i personally wasn't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole.	3
overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.	5
overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.	14
best indian restaurant in the city	2
decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!	9
decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!	5
this small astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in new york.	5
what really makes it shine is the food, which is aggressively seasoned with cyrpriot spices, and all made in-house (even the gyro meat and sausages), and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected.	5
all the various greek and cypriot dishes are excellent, but the gyro is the reason to come--if you don't eat one your trip was wasted.	5
best restaurant in brooklyn	2
the best!	2
great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.	5
great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.	14
great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.	2
the veal was incredible last night.	5
fresh, mind blowing flavors.	5
this place is a must visit!	2
delicious, creative and fun.	5
got a date? go here!	2
every time i have a special occasion with my boyfriend i have a hard time going anywhere else.	2
it is so romantic.	11
its dark, and cozy.. there is always jazz music playing when we go.	11
most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like 'that' couple.	11
the food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together.	5
i've enjoyed 99% of the dishes we've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish (i'm a daring eater but not that daring).	4
once you try it for a special occasion beware.. you can't stop!	2
you'll be ther for every anniversary, birthday, valentines day...	2
for a fabulous wedding!	2
my daughter's wedding reception at water's edge received the highest compliments from our guests.	2
everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!	11
everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!	23
everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!	5
service was wonderful;	14
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful.	14
paul, the maitre d', was totally professional and always on top of things.	14
thank you everyone at water's edge.	2
would not go back.	0
service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.	12
service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.	9
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	22
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	3
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	0
the bar drinks were eh, ok to say the least.	6
the stuff tilapia was horrid...tasted like cardboard.	3
we thought the dessert would be better, wrong!	3
$170 down the toilet...	0
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting.	9
the floor was wet, the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor, no soap, and no hand towels left.	9
good experience	2
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.	8
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.	12
the bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the "free" appetizer of olives was disappointing.	3
however, our main course was wonderful.	5
i had fish and my husband had the fillet - both of which exceeded our expectations.	5
the dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.	5
the dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.	12
when we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost.	12
not what i would expect for the price and prestige of this location.	12
not what i would expect for the price and prestige of this location.	1
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	2
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	11
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	12
short and sweet ?C seating is great:it's romantic,cozy and private.	11
the boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they're perfect for 2 people.	11
the service was extremely fast and attentive(thanks to the service button on your table) but i barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order.	14
the food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy.	4
over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.	11
over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.	3
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	0
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	10
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	3
will prob. not return but it is a great dinning experience to try at least once.	1
impressed...	2
subtle food and service	5
subtle food and service	14
noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy.	14
noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy.	5
servers are all different, greg is my favorite.	14
sometimes tables don't understand his sense of humor but it's refreshing to have a server who has personality, professionalism, and respects the privacy of your dinner.	14
this is the first place i've been that a runner remembers my order... hope he likes his job because i have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant.	14
prices are fair across the board for both food and bev.	5
prices are fair across the board for both food and bev.	8
i go out to eat and like my courses, servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink.	14
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings!!!	5
this place had all the trimmings and i mean all.	5
peppers, onions, relish, chilli, cheeses, you name it.	5
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages please do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!	2
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages please do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!	5
best dining experience in the west village!	2
stepping into casa la femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in new york!	2
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had!	11
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had!	5
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had!	14
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had!	2
the have a great cocktail with citrus vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for!	8
food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.	5
food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.	13
we were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd.	11
i never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending!	2
great find in the west village!	2
maggot in the food!	3
the menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.	5
the menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.	14
nevertheless, i finished my plate, and that's when i found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom.	3
i showed it to the manager, and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts (but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for).	13
when the bill came, nothing was comped, so i told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine, but i didn't think i should have to pay for food with a maggot in it.	12
the manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine (which cost less than the food), and made it seem like a big concession.	12
we paid and left because we didn't feel like arguing any more.	12
i have worked in restaurants and cook a lot, and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food.	3
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.	2
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.	12
unhygienic	3
i do not recommend.	0
i got hair in my food 2 times of then !	3
great place, great value.	2
the food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably priced.	5
the atmosphere is relaxed and casual.	11
it's a great place to order from or sit-in.	2
inexpensive, unassuming, great time!	2
inexpensive, unassuming, great time!	11
sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance.	5
try it!	2
very pleased	2
good creative rolls!	5
yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi, or if you have friends who doesn't like sushi much.	2
they have great rolls, the triple color and norwegetan rolls, are awesome and filling.	5
one special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up, but save room for dessert!	5
they have a delicious banana chocolate dessert, as well as a great green tea tempura.	5
the appetizers are also delicious!	5
amazing food.	5
mazing interior.	9
great food!	5
i've had my fair share of modern japanese and this spot delivers.	5
the atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking, which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors.	9
if you're into being lost when you're just five feet from your table then hey, that's a good thing.	9
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future.	5
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future.	9
indo chinese food, pretty good...	5
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food.	10
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food.	5
the chicken lollipop is my favorite, most of the dishes (i have to agree with a previous reviewer) are quite oily and very spicy, espeically the chilli chicken.	3
my mom originally introduced me to this place, but even she (being indian) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily.	3
still we keep going back :)	2
i was speechless by the horrible food.	3
i attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant, and the food was majorly disappointing.	3
rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).	12
rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).	3
i was so stunned, and i left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing.	0
this place survives on reputation alone.	0
i will never return.	0
best in all of nyc	2
this is the most wonderful restaurant in all of new york city, not just brooklyn...	2
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty, most delicious food and kept it that way...	5
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...	2
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...	5
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...	14
you should travel from the bronx to try it...	2
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	5
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	8
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	14
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...	23
so delicious!!!!!!	5
patsy's pizza = true love	2
hands down the best pizza on the planet.	5
in about 12 minutes, the thing is gone.	5
great hot dogs..	5
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside.	5
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!	5
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!	2
great taste	5
great, original taste.	5
for me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.	3
for me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.	2
helpful service and average price per dish $10.	14
helpful service and average price per dish $10.	4
the only thing that strikes you is the decor?(not very pleasant).	9
great food	5
this place has great indian chinese food.	5
the flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal.	5
be prepared to wait, because the place is pretty tiny.	0
be prepared to wait, because the place is pretty tiny.	9
also, they do not take credit card so come with cash!	1
even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.	9
even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.	5
best indian chinese in the city, by far!	5
amazing my favorite!!!	2
i came across village underground by accident, now i go there all the time.	2
the martinis are amazing and very fairly priced.	8
the service is amazing, i've had different waiters and they were all nice, which is a rare thing in nyc.	14
the dj is awesome, i have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and i keep going back.	11
the dj is awesome, i have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and i keep going back.	2
you can get a table without a reservation if you get there early i they don't make you by bottles.	14
which lets face it....at times it's a good thing.	14
in the end you end up with a fair tab and nothing but a great time!!!	2
one of the best, if not the best, restaurants in park slope (and ny in general)	2
everything on the menu is great.	5
this establishment is the real deal.	2
wish ny had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.	11
wish ny had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.	5
wish ny had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.	2
but $500 for a dinner for two that didn't include wine?	3
look, the appetizers were really good.	5
the entree was also very good.	5
can't argue about that, but they are clearly over priced.	3
what you are paying for is the environment and the name.	10
what you are paying for is the environment and the name.	0
yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.	11
yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.	0
which of course is not real kobe but wagyu beef.	3
surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as kobe.	0
vanison was good but not amazing.	4
bison was quite excellent however.	5
dessert: pure disaster.	3
just not good at all.	3
some pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing not impressive at all.	3
i read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and i thought to myself, but may be it is worth it.	0
the four seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of new york city restaurants, but trust me, they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say "i've been to the four seasons restaurant".	0
i wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly, curiousity got the best of me and i paid dearly for it.	0
all in all, the food was great (except for the desserts).	4
the environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts.	10
the environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts.	1
if you are going for the food, it will not be worth it.	3
you would think they would make up for it with service, sadly, no.	12
service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.	12
service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.	0
terrible waste of money.. scammers	0
i agree that dining at casa la femme is like no other dining experience!	0
i am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience.	0
i literally just got back home after visiting casa la femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time.	0
our visit their to say the least, was an unpleasant and costly experience!	0
and even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience.	0
we did arrive late for our reservation so i can not complain too much about the wait for a table.	13
although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes.	12
we were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited.	2
the place is beautiful!	11
the hostess was very pleasant.	14
however, our $14 drinks were were horrible!	6
once we finally got a table, despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed!	12
our experience did not ever get any better.	0
for each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink.	12
we also asked for hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the hooka.	12
after the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner.	12
we asked for beverages and never received them.	12
we asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order.	12
my chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin.	3
i would not expect this for a $55 dinner.	3
by the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage nor hooka!	12
what we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka.. some of which we never received!	12
the only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses!	12
to top it all off.. the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant.	12
to top it all off.. the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant.	0
by the time we left our wallets were empty and so were our stomachs and we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!	3
by the time we left our wallets were empty and so were our stomachs and we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!	0
if it seemed possible to do so while there i would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!	3
if it seemed possible to do so while there i would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!	0
i have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused, and wasted my hard earned money.	0
my husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!	0
my husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!	12
i wish i could be refunded!	0
don't go with a larger group than 4!	0
at first we were a little taken aback, as this seemed to present a problem, although the restaurant looked fairly empty, but they hastily put the table together for us.	14
the menu is fairly simple without much descriptions.	4
there was no tap beer that evening, which was a disappointment.	6
not much of a selection of bottled beer either, we went with brahma.	6
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each).	4
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each).	14
the lobster knuckles (special of the day) were ok, but pretty tasteless.	3
i believe there were 2 shrimp in the "salt encrusted shrimp" appetizer.	3
she replied "well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now, since you are a larger party, and it might get crowded."	12
the food arrived in about 15 minutes.	13
i had the thai style fried sea bass...which was very good.	5
everyone seemed generally happy with their food, except my brother who had the grilled mahi mahi, seemingly drenched in grapfruit juice!	3
i heard the lobster roll was excellent.	5
they seemed to continue to rush us along, taking plates without asking if we were done (my sister still had her fork in hand).	12
all in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side, but fresh.	4
service not the friendliest to our "large party"!	12
probably would not go back here.	0
great indian food	5
food was amazing - i love indian food and eat it quite regularly, but i can say this is one of the best i've had.	5
very "normal indian food", but done really well.	5
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	1
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	3
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	9
also, waiters try to push more food on you, like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $.	12
i don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).	12
i don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).	0
but if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for indian food	5
but if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for indian food	0
one of the best	2
bukhara grill, the tagline says it all.. "indian spice rave"	2
the lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it.	4
we have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.	14
we have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.	5
bukhara is on my top 5 indian places in nyc	2
wretched and retching	0
i have never been so disgusted by both food an service.	3
i have never been so disgusted by both food an service.	12
for starters they delivered us someone else's order.	12
however, once i received my predictably mediocre order of what dokebi thinks passes as korean fair, (sometimes you have to settle when it's your only option), i got through about half my kimchee before i found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting, slimy, clearly bad piece of fish skin.	3
my main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but i would be lying is i said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen i was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.	3
my main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but i would be lying is i said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen i was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.	12
none was made so i hung up.	12
less than three minutes passed before i found myself doubled over the toilet.	3
my girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that i was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.	3
my girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that i was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.	12
it wasn't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand, but now it's simply repulsive.	0
eat at your own risk.	3
gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner	11
gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner	2
i book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.	5
i book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.	11
the service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing!	14
i completely recommend casa la femme for any special occasion and to really impress your date.	2
more williamsburg garbage	0
the dishes came out around 5 minutes apart.	12
the bibimbap was average, but the stone bowl wasn't even close to sizzling.	3
too bad i had paid an extra $2 for the stone bowl.	3
the nakgi-bokum was horrible.	3
easily the worst stir-fried squid i've ever tasted.	3
the sauce tasted more like chinese fast food than decent korean.	3
the side dishes were passable, and i did get a refill upon request.	5
the real problem i had with this place was the complete lack of service.	12
she just nodded and walked off.	12
as to my comment about the food, no apology or acknowledgment was made.	12
my wife had barely touched that mess of a dish.	3
we were charged full price.	12
lives up to the hype	2
we've tried before but it always packed and doesn't take reservations.	1
it was well worth the wait.	2
the wife had the risotto which was amazing.	5
it doesn't look appetizing as it's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black, but the taste was phenomenal.	4
the farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty.	5
i love margherita pizza ?C i love east village pizza	2
i love margherita pizza ?C i love east village pizza	5
love this place, every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go.	2
a quintessential slice of nyc pizza.	4
the crust has a great bite and a good chew, the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it, the salt from the cheese is great, really heightens the flavor of all the other components.	5
personally i like the margherita pizza better, but they are all good.	5
possibly the most romantic restaurant in the city	11
this is undoubtedly my favorite modern japanese brasserie (that don??t serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!	2
this is undoubtedly my favorite modern japanese brasserie (that don??t serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!	11
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate d??cor will make you feel like you??re no longer in the city.	22
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate d??cor will make you feel like you??re no longer in the city.	11
if you??re planning to come here, make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you??ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching (choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky!).	11
it??s just you and your date and an occasional cute ??excuse me?? before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!	11
it??s just you and your date and an occasional cute ??excuse me?? before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!	14
my party had the bbe $29 fixe prix menu, which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake!	5
we started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche.	5
i picked the grilled black cod as my entree, which i absolutely devoured while someone commented that the grilled salmon dish was better.	5
the entrees were served with miso soup and rice.	4
the sake??s complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world.	8
for desserts, we tried the frozen black sesame mousse (interesting but not extraordinary) and matcha (powdered green tea) and blueberry cheesecake, which was phenomenal.	5
maybe it was the great company (i had friends visiting from philly ?C yes, it was not a date this time) or the super reasonable price point, but i just can??t say enough good things about this brasserie.	2
i don??t usually visit the same establishment more than once, what more twice, but i??ll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet, unhurried and memorable dinner.	2
i don??t usually visit the same establishment more than once, what more twice, but i??ll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet, unhurried and memorable dinner.	11
terrible would be a compliment!	0
the service leaves much to be desired, from feeling like you are rushed the place your order, to being ignored the rest of the night.	12
we paid a fixed price but got nothing!!	12
we never ate because by close to 2 in the morning we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating.	12
they are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!	12
they are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!	6
they are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!	3
stay away	0
great shabu shabu	5
i love it.	2
i tried a couple other dishes but wasn't too impressed.	4
but for the shabu shabu, you won't find much better in ny.	5
the meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.	5
the meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.	14
dokebi gives williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos.	5
the hot dogs are good, yes, but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich, perfect on its supermarket squishy bun.	5
restaurant with a view	22
the food tasted very good.	5
the family seafood entree was very good.	5
the main entree was also very good.	5
price is high but the food is good, so i would come back again.	4
price is high but the food is good, so i would come back again.	2
this place doesn't make any sense	0
just want to warn you all - don't waste your time and money.	0
this place has totally weird decor, stairs going up with mirrored walls - i am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional...	9
this place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.	9
this place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.	3
the concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly doesn't work.	3
the food they serve is not comforting, not appetizing and uncooked.	3
good food	5
the food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, i don't like being cramp in a corner.	5
the food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, i don't like being cramp in a corner.	9
over all it was a very nice romantic place .	2
over all it was a very nice romantic place .	11
a coworker and i tried pacifico after work a few fridays and loved it.	2
the atmosphere was great.	11
the food we ordered was excellent, although i wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.	5
the food we ordered was excellent, although i wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.	7
our waitress wasn't mean, but not especially warm or attentive either.	13
i must say i am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year, though.	2
regardless, we'll be back and can't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio.	11
regardless, we'll be back and can't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio.	2
dumbfoundingly poor	0
this was, from start to finish, a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience.	0
lexicographers take note: a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in brooklyn.	12
the servers at flatbush farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention.	12
polite acknowledgment is out;	12
supercilious scorn is in.	12
and how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins, inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent?	12
a different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).	12
a different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).	5
overall the food quality was pretty good, though i hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.	5
overall the food quality was pretty good, though i hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.	12
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	11
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	8
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	12
at $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.	0
at $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.	12
on that scale, it's a world-beater.	0
how is this place still open?	0
i honestly don't even know where to begin.	0
we arrived and were seated immediately, which made us both happy.	14
everything was going good until we got our meals.	2
everything was going good until we got our meals.	3
i took one look at the chicken and i was appalled.	3
it was served with skin, over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes.	3
i took one bite from the $24 salmon, and i have never, in the 17 years i have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy, as dry, and as bland as the one in flatbush farms.	3
at this point, the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay, i was literally so shocked that i was speechless and didn't say anything, and guess what, the waitress walked away.	12
so, i switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe i could stomach the meat and spinach again, but the spinach was so undercooked that i just could not bite through it.	3
i couldn't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach.	3
so i decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible.	3
guess what, i waited for twenty minutes before she came over and when she finally did, she says, "oh well, i wish you would have said something earlier" no apology, nothing.	12
after that she simply took our plates, walked away, came back another twenty minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it!!!!!!!!!!!!	12
no desert menu, no apology, nothing!!!!!!	12
this is where it really really gets bad: the manager said, there is absolutely nothing we can do, it's a matter of taste that she didn't like it, and i cannot comp it.	12
again, no apology, no is there anything else i can get you, no can i get you a drink to make up for it, nothing!!!!	12
the level of rudeness was preposterous.	12
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	12
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	8
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	5
i have never ever had such an unpleasant experience.	0
this staff should be fired.	12
crispy crust margherita pizza	5
it was really good pizza.	5
the crust was amazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded:):):)	5
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review.	2
single worst restaurant in manhattan	0
i'll being with a couple of positives: cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.	11
i'll being with a couple of positives: cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.	5
if i could give 0 stars i would do so for this place.	0
the reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews.	0
well...they can run but they can't hide.	0
this place...god where do i begin.	0
it is quite a spectacular scene i'll give them that.	11
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	10
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	3
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	12
how this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy, or any other for that matter, is beyond me.	0
great hot dogs!	5
though it's been crowded most times i've gone here, bark always delivers on their food.	5
though it's been crowded most times i've gone here, bark always delivers on their food.	1
the hot dogs are top notch, and they're slamwich is amazing!	5
going to bark is always worth the train ride, and will make your tongue and belly very happy!	2
going to bark is always worth the train ride, and will make your tongue and belly very happy!	5
only complaint is the pricing--i believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu.	3
but nonetheless--great spot, great food.	2
but nonetheless--great spot, great food.	5
fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off ?C	5
fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off ?C	12
it's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions, but we've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years.	0
each time we've been, the front of house staff (not the waiters - they're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return.	13
each time we've been, the front of house staff (not the waiters - they're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return.	5
as bfc doesn't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated, which can be over an hour later!	0
as bfc doesn't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated, which can be over an hour later!	12
the frizzy retro girl (with winged/ dame edna glasses) will yell at you if you try to order a drink.	12
i was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a friday night because she "had a bbq to go to" that night - wtf??	12
i'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely!	12
there's another girl who i can't describe, she is about 5'6" with brown hair, who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said, so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you're *really* talking about.	12
i'm a friendly person, so i wouldn't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal.	12
again, i'd be super upset if that were my employee.	12
considering you will spend at least $60 a head, i expect better service.	12
considering you will spend at least $60 a head, i expect better service.	0
so, if you're walking by and thinking about dining, you might want to see who's going to be seating you first...	12
maitre-d-"eat and get out"	12
the food and service were fine, however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.	5
the food and service were fine, however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.	13
while finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine, our son's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert.	8
this guy refused to seat her and she left, followed shortly by the four of us, but not before i told him that in my 40 years of world travel, including paris, that i had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant.	12
his response was smug, arrogant, and condescending, totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening.	12
a word to the wise: you can't dine here and disturb the maitre-d's sense of " table turnover", as whacked as it is, or else.	12
if you go here, do it on his off-night.	12
best meal in a long time!	5
mussles and calamari were superb saturday evening.	5
i had the lamb special which was perfect.	5
my father had the flank steak which was very good, and my mother had the swordfish.	5
the four seasons restaurant is a great experience.	2
the food is great and the environment is even better.	5
the food is great and the environment is even better.	11
everyone must come here at least once.	2
highly recommend it!	2
taking hot dogs to the next level	5
at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at bark you don't just get your average hot dog.	0
at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at bark you don't just get your average hot dog.	5
here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available.	5
great atmosphere	11
i highly recommend the fish tacos, everything else was ok.	5
cool atmosphere, the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night.	11
poor service and management	12
don??t go to this place!	0
had an awful experience at casa la femme on a saturday dinner.	0
appetizers took nearly an hour.	12
when the main course finally arrived (another 45mins) half of our order was missing.	12
never got an explanation as to what was going on.	12
the manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly.	12
when we threatened to leave, we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing.	12
on the way out, we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues.	12
can??t believe how an expensive nyc restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.	0
can??t believe how an expensive nyc restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.	12
what a hassle!	0
the food is very good, but not outstanding.	4
there is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.	12
there is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.	3
on our last visit, they skipped over our name on the list, leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table.	12
mistakes happen, but they are usually accompanied by an apology, perhaps even a glass of wine...but not the grunt that we received from the al di la staff.	12
expensive	0
the bread was stale, the salad was overpriced and empty.	3
the pasta was well cooked, didn't have enough sauce though or flavor.	3
so rude!!!	12
i was one of the people that went for this horrible experience.	0
the hostess was rude and i got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us.	12
the only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared.	12
i asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like i was insane.	12
i was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said, "can i help you" and "how many are in your party."	12
the three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were.	12
we didn't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately i think that may have been part of the problem.	0
shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service.	12
bad staff	12
i generally like this place.	2
the food is good.	5
the design of the space is good.	11
but the service is horrid!	12
i was there for brunch recently, and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter.	12
the waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand.	12
i can't believe that it was, but please put the bag down before delivering food!	12
the waitress came to check in on us every few minutes, and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating (a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere, so i try to ignore it).	12
i couldn't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends, who was in mid bite, to clear the table.	12
she then put the check down without asking if we were done, and came to check on the bill every two minutes, even though we were one of three occupied tables.	12
i wish i could like this place more, and i wish someone would retrain the staff.	0
i wish i could like this place more, and i wish someone would retrain the staff.	12
yum!	5
serves really good sushi.	5
not the biggest portions but adequate.	4
green tea creme brulee is a must!	5
don't leave the restaurant without it.	5
no comparison	2
?C i can't say enough about this place.	2
it has great sushi and even better service.	5
it has great sushi and even better service.	14
the entire staff was extremely accommodating and tended to my every need.	14
i've been to this restaurant over a dozen times with no complaints to date.	2
snotty attitude	12
?C we were treated very rudely here one time for breakfast.	12
the owner is belligerent to guests that have a complaint.	12
good food!	5
this is a great place to get a delicious meal.	5
we never had to wait more than 5 minutes.	14
the staff is pretty friendly.	14
the onion rings are great!	5
they are not greasy or anything.	5
overrated	0
?C i was highly disappointed in the food at pagoda.	3
the lemon chicken tasted like sticky sweet donuts and the honey walnut prawns, the few they actually give you.....were not good.	3
nice ambience, but highly overrated place.	11
nice ambience, but highly overrated place.	0
i will not go back.	0
worst service i ever had	14
everyone that sat in the back outside agreed that it was the worst service we had ever received.	12
our waiter was non-existent and after our food finally arrived over an hour after we ordered, we were not given any water or utensils.	12
i complained to the manager, but he was not even apologetic.	12
i will never return again.	0
fabulous italian food!	5
?C i highly recommend mioposto.	2
i am so happy to have a wonderful italian restaurant in my neighborhood.	2
the wine list is wonderful and the food reminds me of my recent trip to italy.	8
the wine list is wonderful and the food reminds me of my recent trip to italy.	5
i love this restaurant	2
?C i will never forget the amazing meal, service, and ambiance i experience at this restaurant.	5
?C i will never forget the amazing meal, service, and ambiance i experience at this restaurant.	14
?C i will never forget the amazing meal, service, and ambiance i experience at this restaurant.	11
it was absolutely amazing.	2
the wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse, the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice, good at their jobs and cultured.	8
the wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse, the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice, good at their jobs and cultured.	5
the wine list is incredible and extensive and diverse, the food is all incredible and the staff was all very nice, good at their jobs and cultured.	14
i have not a bad thing to say about this place.	2
amazing.	2
i cannot wait to go back again this coming weekend!	2
mmm... good!	2
the food was great!	5
it's *very* reasonably priced, esp for the quality of the food.	5
i had the kafta plate and it was perfect.	5
we're going back. :d	2
finally a meal that you will remember for a long time!	5
?C in a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants, its nice to see a place that bucks that trend, and just plain delivers high quality food and good service, period.	5
?C in a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants, its nice to see a place that bucks that trend, and just plain delivers high quality food and good service, period.	14
this is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer.	11
this is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer.	5
caution - its real food for people who love the best.	5
very disappointing	0
?C i took my parents here for their anniversary-very very disappointed!!!	0
i liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price.	11
i liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price.	3
i may not be a sushi guru but i can tell you that the food here is just okay and that there is not much else to it.	3
rice is too dry, tuna wasn't so fresh either.	3
nothing really came across as outstanding.	3
very disappointed.	0
i have eaten here three times and have found the quality and variety of the fish to be excellent.	5
however, the value and service are both severely lacking.	12
however, the value and service are both severely lacking.	0
furthermore, while the fish is unquestionably fresh, rolls tend to be inexplicably bland.	4
the service ranges from mediocre to offensive.	12
on a recent trip, our waiter was extremely dismissive, while no less than three staff members waited hand-and-foot on a pair of japanese girls seated nearby.	12
we were then charged for their most expensive sake ($20+ per serving) when we in fact drank a sake of less than half that price.	12
freshest sushi  ?C i love this restaurant.	5
freshest sushi  ?C i love this restaurant.	2
they pay such detail to everything from miso soup to complex rolls.	5
the sashimi was the freshest and most tender i have ever tasted.	5
their apps are all delicious.	5
the only drawback is that this place is really expensive and the portions are on the small side.	0
the only drawback is that this place is really expensive and the portions are on the small side.	3
but the space is small and lovely, and the service is helpful.	11
but the space is small and lovely, and the service is helpful.	14
you are bound to have a very charming time.	2
not recommended!!!	0
?C the food was not great; the waiters were rude.	3
?C the food was not great; the waiters were rude.	12
it is not worth going at all and spend your money there!!!	0
?C pretty cheap for sit down mexican and downtown.	2
?C pretty cheap for sit down mexican and downtown.	23
my service was stellar!	14
the bus boy even spotted that my table was shaking a stabilized it for me.	14
food was fine, with a some little-tastier-than-normal salsa.	5
if you're in the area you shouldn't be disappointed.	2
ok.... ?C maybe i went in on someone's bad day....	0
the food was great, the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me.	5
the food was great, the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me.	8
the food was great, the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me.	12
took forever to get our order taken, water refills were too much to ask for and the only time she was fast was when we asked for our bill when we could get her attention.	12
i don't know if i'll be back....	0
mama mia ?C i live in the neighborhood and feel lucky to live by such a great pizza place.	2
the only problem is you really have to warm up the pizza before it's edible, even when you order ahead.	3
but once done, it's not too much dough, not too much cheese, not too much sauce.	5
best sushi in town.	5
everything you want and more, very fresh.	5
its worth the wait, especially since they'll give you a call when the table is ready.	2
its worth the wait, especially since they'll give you a call when the table is ready.	14
the best calamari in seattle!	5
?C ...and the best summertime deck experience--they will even bring you a blanket if you get cold in the seattle evening weather.	11
?C ...and the best summertime deck experience--they will even bring you a blanket if you get cold in the seattle evening weather.	14
a perfect place to take out of town guests any time of the year.	2
endless fun, awesome music, great staff!!!	11
endless fun, awesome music, great staff!!!	14
endless fun, awesome music, great staff!!!	2
?C by far the best bar in the east village...	2
i went there with some friends one night to play bingo and watch the sox game and it was a blast!	2
every time it is called the bartender buys everyone drinks!	14
been there lots since and its always a good time.	2
great draft and bottle selection and the pizza rocks.	5
great draft and bottle selection and the pizza rocks.	8
definitely has one of the best jukebox's i've seen in a long long time.	11
i found a new home on second avenue!!!!!!!!!!!!	2
just go there and see for yourself.	2
the food is great, the bartenders go that extra mile.	5
the food is great, the bartenders go that extra mile.	14
you need to watch your game, they will have it on for you.	14
the owners are great fun and the beer selection is worth staying for.	14
the owners are great fun and the beer selection is worth staying for.	8
and the upstairs is a great place to hang out.	11
not a lot of smoking places left in new york, but i have found my favorite smoking balcony in the city.	2
kudos to these guys.	2
i found a new home and just moved with a long lease.	2
the sushi here is delicious!	5
they have a wide variety of fish and they even list which oceans they come from; atlantic or pacific.	5
i've had the jellyfish, horse mackerel, blue fin tuna and the sake ikura roll among others, and they were all good.	5
my only negative comment is that i wish the pieces were a little bigger.	3
the decor is rustic, traditional japanese.	10
the crowd is mixed yuppies, young and old.	1
the service was courteous and attentive.	14
mediocre food	4
the outside patio area has an abbreviated menu.	4
my g/f and i both agreed the food was very mediocre especially considering the price.	3
we are locals, and get the feeling the only way this place survives with such average food is because most customers are probably one-time customer tourists.	3
we are locals, and get the feeling the only way this place survives with such average food is because most customers are probably one-time customer tourists.	0
service was decent.	13
drinks were good.	8
unless you are just stopping in for a few drinks i wouldn't recommend going here.	8
unless you are just stopping in for a few drinks i wouldn't recommend going here.	0
you are likely to be disappointed.	0
excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive	5
excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive	11
excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive	0
?C i loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi (5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis) and my sister loved her fillet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes.	5
the ambiance was a peaceful and relaxing break amongst all the kids running around in downtown disney.	11
it was romantic - and even nice even with my sister, reminded me of italy, and had artwork and music that kept up the feeling of being in a mediterrean villa.	11
i recommend it for a night when you want to splurge! (it was a bit expensive)	1
best indian food in l.a.	5
the best thing is, the prices are also quite reasonable.	2
the chicken curry and chicken tikka masala are my favorite meat dishes.	5
the chana masala (garbanzo beans) are also excellent.	5
it's located in a strip mall near the beverly center, not the greatest location, but the food keeps me coming back for more.	22
it's located in a strip mall near the beverly center, not the greatest location, but the food keeps me coming back for more.	5
hidden little jem	2
?C tucked away over by the beverly center.	22
never too crowded and always great service.	14
never too crowded and always great service.	2
i think i have probably tried each item on their menu at least once it is all excellent.	5
i can highly recommend their various saag and paneer and korma.	5
you routinely see indian families and friends dining there, which is always a good sign.	2
i appreciate their delivery too.	14
nice food but no spice!	4
?C i really enjoyed my meal here.	5
i had yummy lamb korma, saag paneer, samosas, naan, etc.	5
the food was all good but it was way too mild.	4
normally, places ask how hot you want it, but they didn't.	12
i should have thought to bring it up but never expected the food to be that mild.	3
the naan was some of the best i've had and i really enjoyed the bhartha, not too tomatoey.	5
even the chickpeas, which i normally find too dry, were good.	5
and they packaged everything nicely so it didn't spill.	14
awesome find	2
?C i don't understand how i was a stranger to this place for so long... the fajita salad, the colorado, the fajitas - everything is delicious.	5
?C i don't understand how i was a stranger to this place for so long... the fajita salad, the colorado, the fajitas - everything is delicious.	2
i love the warm and cozy environment.	11
i just found out that you can have the place to yourself on nights and weekends for a private party - can't wait to celebrate my next birthday there.	2
best restaurant in the world, great decor, great customer service, friendly manager	2
best restaurant in the world, great decor, great customer service, friendly manager	11
best restaurant in the world, great decor, great customer service, friendly manager	14
i am never disappointed with there food.	5
the atmosphere is great.	11
great lunch spot	2
?C great financial district mexican spot.	2
always busy, but they are good at seating you promptly and have quick service.	14
everything i've had here is good, taco salads, burritos, enchiladas i love this place.	5
everything i've had here is good, taco salads, burritos, enchiladas i love this place.	2
also have great margaritas!	8
you can order to go if you have to get back to the office too!	14
lebanese food!yum!	5
?C i've been to open sesame only once, but i'm still reeling from the experience!!	2
the food is simply unforgettable!	5
the presentation of the food was an added bonus, it looked just as great as it tasted!	5
my best friend had the chicken shawarma and she still raves about it being the best anywhere!	5
what a tasty, flaky treat!	5
the staff are friendly and the decor was ethic and colorful.	14
the staff are friendly and the decor was ethic and colorful.	11
go to open sesame!!!	2
holy hummus!	5
?C the food is here is incredible, though the quality is inconsistent during lunch.	4
dinners have always been excellent, in terms of food quality.	5
the open sesame combo plate is a bargain for the heap of food given.	5
the side of potatoes is to die for, as is the labne (yogurt dip).	5
also, they serve the best hummus in america, with a drizzle of fragrant olive oil (which, i believe is the traditional way)!	5
the only drawback is the crowded seating and the slow service.	0
the only drawback is the crowded seating and the slow service.	12
there have been several occasions when we've just not gotten some side dishes we've ordered.	12
however, this place is a gem, and i won't stop going back.	2
great beer	8
?C my first time to dine at this restaurant was with my son and it was absolutely horrible!	0
we waited over 30 minutes for our drinks and over 1 1/2 hours for our food.	12
i swore never to return for a warm beer and mediocre meal.	6
i swore never to return for a warm beer and mediocre meal.	3
however, one sunday afternoon my husband and i did go (although with my loud protests) and were pleasantly surprised.	2
the band was very good and the service was attentive.	11
the band was very good and the service was attentive.	14
we ordered a selection of the small plates, and the shoe string onions, goat cheese pizza, grilled asparagus and fried brie with fruit were all very good.	5
it was like dining at a completely different restaurant.	2
we have since returned and also had a great experience, sampling more small plates and a variety of the beer ( cold and good).	8
we have since returned and also had a great experience, sampling more small plates and a variety of the beer ( cold and good).	2
we did have the same waiter the second time, so maybe the service is spotty and our luck is good.	14
sunday afternoons there is a band playing and it is lots of fun.	11
seattle's best winelist	8
?C ray's (surprisingly) has the city's best & most diverse wine list.	8
the sommelier is fantastic, down-to-earth, & extremely knowledgeable.	14
i would go back for the wine experience alone.	8
nice job!	2
not the place it once was	0
?C it is sad to see a place that was once the place to meet and eat for bfast or lunch, now be the place that is a big "dont bother"	0
the food is not what it once was (potions have seriously seen downsizing) prices have gone up, and the service is the worst i have experienced anywhere (including mainland europe).	3
the food is not what it once was (potions have seriously seen downsizing) prices have gone up, and the service is the worst i have experienced anywhere (including mainland europe).	12
what may be interesting to most is the worst service/attitude comes from the owners of this establishment.	12
this establishment really made a marked decline after ( and this is recurring story ) the airing of food televisions "diners, drive-ins, and dives" hosted by guy fieri, in which schooner or later was subject of.	0
perhaps now, scooner or later falls into the "dive" category.	0
this is sad for what once was one of the best places you could ever eat.	0
i hope one day sooner or later returns to what it once was.	0
until this happens, my advice is to stay away.	0
open & cool place with the best pizza and coffee	11
open & cool place with the best pizza and coffee	5
open & cool place with the best pizza and coffee	8
?C mioposto has a very creative & delicious pizza menu.	5
the coffe is very good, too.	8
great open and friendly ambience.	11
this place is charming and relaxing.	11
the servers behind the counter are always friendly and helpful.	14
it's a great place to enjoy food and meet friends.	5
it's a great place to enjoy food and meet friends.	2
old reliable	2
?C after 12 years in seattle ray's rates as the place we always go back to.	2
great food, spectacular location, and friendly service keep us coming back year after year.	5
great food, spectacular location, and friendly service keep us coming back year after year.	23
great food, spectacular location, and friendly service keep us coming back year after year.	14
enjoyed the food	5
i liked it.	2
food was good and cheap.	5
i had the kafta plate and i enjoyed it.	5
it was so much though that i could barely finish but i did, since it was delicious.	5
atmosphere was nice.	11
service was kind of slow, our waitress took forever to give us our check even though it wasn't that busy.	12
still i would recommend this place.	2
wow!!!!!!!!	2
?C it cant get any better!!!!!	2
what else can you say nice people amazing food wow	5
what else can you say nice people amazing food wow	14
what else can you say nice people amazing food wow	2
great food with an awesome atmosphere!	5
great food with an awesome atmosphere!	11
?C eggs, pancakes, potatoes, fresh fruit and yogurt -- everything they serve is delicious.	5
the best place for a leisure sunday breakfast amidst yachts, then take a stroll through the nearby farmer's market.	2
great meal ?C the fish on the omikase platter was absolutely decadent -- there was none of the stringiness that sometimes accompanies fair sushi -- this fish was perfect!!!!	5
plus, i am allergic to rice, and the waitstaff was unbelievably accommodating -- didn't even bat an eye!	14
and the waiter suggested a perfect sake!!	14
and the waiter suggested a perfect sake!!	8
absolutely fabulous!!!	2
unbeatable sushi!	5
two thumbs up!	5
this is right up there with places in tokyo as far as the freshness is concerned.	5
melt in your mouth nigiri and sashmi, and very tasty rolls too.	5
be sure to try the oyster roll.	5
splendid	2
?C how to describe the best sushi in nyc: hmmmm, delicious, amazing, fantastic, succulent, perfect, nah, all of the above.	5
i can't say enough good things about this restaurant, and i can't wait for my next several visits.	2
the best chuwam mushi i have ever had.	5
perfect on a cold day.	5
$6 with tip.	2
perfection.	2
good sushi, high price	4
one of the best sushi place in town.	2
the house special roll is really good.	5
on weekends, you might have to wait for couple hours.	13
however, they do take your cellphone numbers so that you can go hang out somewhere else till they call you up on your cellphone.	14
a cozy spot for 2	11
?C i can't believe murphy's has been around for over 25 years, amazing.	2
that's a huge compliment, especially in the fickled restaurant business, ...enough already!	2
brunch at murphy's is to die for, my specialty... egg white omelet, the food is always freshly prepared.	5
it's the perfect spot for a romantic date for 2 or a secret rendezvous!	2
it's the perfect spot for a romantic date for 2 or a secret rendezvous!	11
save room for  scrumptious desserts.	5
the restaurant offers an extensive wine list and an ambiance you won't forget!	8
the restaurant offers an extensive wine list and an ambiance you won't forget!	11
i guarantee you won't be disappointed, there's also valet parking.	2
addicting!	2
?C best mexican place for lunch in the financial district.	2
love the enchiladas and chicken soup - and be sure to check out their specials.	5
the cooks have been at the restaurant for years and cook family recipes.	5
can get busy on fridays for a table but once seated, the service is so efficient you can be in and out of there quickly.	14
i went there with a friend from out of town... and we were both very impressed!	2
the sushi was excellent and the wait staff was quick.	5
the sushi was excellent and the wait staff was quick.	14
the price was right too.	2
the atmosphere was just okay.	10
space was limited, but the food made up for it.	0
space was limited, but the food made up for it.	5
i'd go back there in a heartbeat.	2
well i guess it's hard to be seated when one is invisible to the staff.	12
we stood there for 10 minutes while employees walked back and forth ignoring us.	12
finally, my wife stood face to face in front of one of the staff and she asked, "are you waiting for a table?"	12
once seated it took about 30 minutes to finally get the meal.	12
the prior reviews said kid friendly... give me a break with two young children that is light years.	0
the caesar salad i ordered had so much lemon i couldn't eat it.	3
it was decent but nothing exceptional.	4
great food, better margaritas!	5
great food, better margaritas!	8
?C this is one of my top lunch spots, huge portions, fast service and amazing margaritas!!	2
?C this is one of my top lunch spots, huge portions, fast service and amazing margaritas!!	5
?C this is one of my top lunch spots, huge portions, fast service and amazing margaritas!!	14
?C this is one of my top lunch spots, huge portions, fast service and amazing margaritas!!	8
it gets really busy, so get there on the early side so you can grab a seat, if you do have to wait, its not bad because the service is quick!	14
check out the art on the walls, very colorful!	11
i love this place!	2
?C i have been eating at this place for over 8 years now and i have never had one bad meal.	5
i highly recommend this place to all that want to try indain food for the first time.	5
the lunch menu is an awesome deal!	5
plenty of food,trust me .	5
fresh ingrediants and super tasty.	5
the place is the next best thing to my moms cooking.	5
best food, phenomenal service	5
best food, phenomenal service	14
for the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best nyc has to offer, the fish is the freshest and the service is superb.	5
for the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best nyc has to offer, the fish is the freshest and the service is superb.	14
not only can the selection be innovative, but there's a nice balance of traditional sushi as well.	5
the nicest waiters in town.	14
way over-rated!!!!	0
?C this place is unbelievably over-rated.	0
if i want to stand in line on sunday for an hour to get average brunch food, then i would put murphy's at the top of the list.	4
if i want to stand in line on sunday for an hour to get average brunch food, then i would put murphy's at the top of the list.	12
the regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive.	4
the regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive.	12
10!	2
your a sushi fan, you love expertly cut fish, great sake, a killer soho location, and of course: salmon, tuna, fluke, yellow tail, cod, mackeral, jellyfish, sea urchin, shrimp, lobster, sea bream, trout, milk fish, blue fin tuna, eel, crab, sardine, monk fish, roe, scallop, oysters, and a varity of toro.	5
your a sushi fan, you love expertly cut fish, great sake, a killer soho location, and of course: salmon, tuna, fluke, yellow tail, cod, mackeral, jellyfish, sea urchin, shrimp, lobster, sea bream, trout, milk fish, blue fin tuna, eel, crab, sardine, monk fish, roe, scallop, oysters, and a varity of toro.	8
your a sushi fan, you love expertly cut fish, great sake, a killer soho location, and of course: salmon, tuna, fluke, yellow tail, cod, mackeral, jellyfish, sea urchin, shrimp, lobster, sea bream, trout, milk fish, blue fin tuna, eel, crab, sardine, monk fish, roe, scallop, oysters, and a varity of toro.	23
there is only one place on the east coast that has it all, plus a lot more.	2
bring your cell phone cause you may have to wait to get into the best sushi restaurant in the world: blue ribbon sushi.	2
cut to the chase - this is amazing!	2
it's unpretentious and underground.	11
it's fresh, welcoming, delicious, and relaxing.	5
it's fresh, welcoming, delicious, and relaxing.	11
hands down, the best tuna i have ever had.	5
blue ribbon lives up to it's fantastic reputation.	2
i went here on a recommendation and will surely return time and time again.	2
what a find!	2
well worth it	2
great value sushi with high quality & nice setting.	5
great value sushi with high quality & nice setting.	11
good for late night dining (last minute planning) without reservations.	2
try the chef's choice for sushi as the smoked yellowtail was incredible and the rolls were also tasty.	5
poor customer service, poor pizza.	12
poor customer service, poor pizza.	3
?C as with most restaurants in seattle, mioposto's service was bad and the food was overpriced.	12
?C as with most restaurants in seattle, mioposto's service was bad and the food was overpriced.	3
i know many people have their favorite types of pizza and pizza places, but mioposto's pizza lacks quality and good taste.	3
to be honest, i've had better frozen pizza.	3
the only positive thing about mioposto is the nice location.	23
the only positive thing about mioposto is the nice location.	0
love it every time	2
i was frankly shocked when i read the bad reviews - this place is fantastic; it has not let us down in any way, and we've eaten here more than 10 times.	2
the food is fantastic, and the waiting staff has been perfect every single time we've been there.	5
the food is fantastic, and the waiting staff has been perfect every single time we've been there.	14
the only problem would be the wait, but we usually just have a drink in the front while waiting.	13
never had one single problem there.	2
seafood plus	5
?C this was  great dining experience.	2
if you're going to see danny gans or just staying at the mirage, don't miss this one.	2
the appetizer of oysters, lobster, crab (small size) made a perfect entre for my wife.	5
seabass on lobster risotto was the best.	5
caesar salad was superb.	5
great bottle of wine.	8
leave room for dessert.	5
completely over rated!	0
the food was ok, but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served.	4
the food was ok, but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served.	12
even then, the order was not correct and we were still waiting for a couple items.	12
we had a very hard time getting the waitress' attention and finally had to get up and go inside to speak to a manager.	12
as it turns out the owner was seated right next to us and when he came over to check on our problems was very dismissive and offered a token 20% discount on our bill.	12
when the bill came, he only took the discount off the food and not the drinks.	12
it was clear he didn??t really care.	12
avoid the place	0
?C save yourself the waste of time & do not visit.	0
when i got there i sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible!	11
when i got there i sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible!	12
i waited for 10-15 minutes for service ordered a beer & was never served again.	12
after sitting there with my empty glass for over 20 minutes i left.	12
i went home & looked them up online again where i discovered there is a link for a give away that doesn't work so emailed the restaurant about the non existent service & deceptive link.	0
i never heard back from anyone more than a month ago.	0
after sitting at the bar for over 20 minutes the bar keep had made only 2 drinks & kept telling us she'd be right with us.	12
we left without ever getting service.	12
as of writing this i just tried their give away a link again & it still doesn't work.	0
best crab cakes in town	5
?C thats a big statement considering i've been pulling crab traps and making the cakes myself since i was about seven - but something about these little devils gets better every time.	5
if you can, come to this place by boat and make it a whole evening.	2
great seasonal fish and seafood, with a classy waterfront setting.	5
great seasonal fish and seafood, with a classy waterfront setting.	11
always a winner.	2
great pizza, poor service	5
great pizza, poor service	12
?C love their pizza, especially the mushroom pizza.	5
also love their caeser salad.	5
prefer to order it and pick it up though because i don't like the servers, one young woman in particular.	12
she doesn't make you feel welcome and treats you like an annoyance.	12
but she is very friendly with certain people, making it even more annoying.	12
management should really take notice and train their waitstaff and teach them some proper manners.	12
many people talk about the great pizza and poor service, so it can't just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers.	5
many people talk about the great pizza and poor service, so it can't just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers.	12
it's a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service weren't so impersonal and corporate-like.	2
it's a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service weren't so impersonal and corporate-like.	12
great breakfast	5
?C this place is famous for their breakfast.	5
they have been featured on the food network and they deserve it.	2
the food is great and they make a mean bloody mary.	5
the food is great and they make a mean bloody mary.	8
i love breakfast here.	5
their crab eggs benedict is addicting.	5
all their menu items are a hit, and they serve mimosas.	5
all their menu items are a hit, and they serve mimosas.	8
doesn't get any better than that.	2
best chinese food i have tasted in a long time	5
you can easily hear him though so it was a pleasant sound and not overbearing.	11
the ambiance of the restaurant was nice and good for fine dinning.	11
not too fine thought that you feel uncomfortable and have to dress up.	11
the staff was very nice and courteous and obviously chinese.	14
first off, the food came fast and all together :) i like that... i hate the pretentiousness of things coming in one after the other.	14
so about the prawns, they were fresh and had a slight crispiness about the batter... so good... the walnuts were cut in smaller pieces and very crunchy and tasty.	5
yummy.	5
best honey walnyt prawns that we have every tasted.	5
the brocollis were so fresh and tasty.	5
i would normally not finish the brocolli when i order these kinds of food but for the first time, every piece was as eventful as the first one... the scallops and prawns was so fresh and nicely cooked.	5
not chewy at all.	5
for desert we had the mango ginger creme brulee... oh la la yummy!!!	5
melt in your mouth.	5
we are for sure coming back to this restaurant.	2
it is sad there is not many people who frequent eating at places like these that look pricey because they are at the hotel... but they are definitely one you don't want to miss, esp if your in downtown san jose.	2
chintzy portions	3
?C the sushi here is perfectly good, but for $5 a piece, either the slices of fish should be larger, or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant (even for nyc).	3
?C the sushi here is perfectly good, but for $5 a piece, either the slices of fish should be larger, or there should be no pretense that this is a moderately priced restaurant (even for nyc).	0
we easily spent more than $40 per person (not including alcohol) and were still hungry.	0
we easily spent more than $40 per person (not including alcohol) and were still hungry.	3
i'm astonished that this restaurant is categorized as $$$ rather than $$$$.	0
terrible service, food ok, pricey	12
terrible service, food ok, pricey	4
terrible service, food ok, pricey	0
we put out name down and although there were open tables we were told that it'd be a 30 minute wait.	12
we went back to the restaurant and low and behold, we were seated at one of the tables that was available 30 minutes ago!!	12
none that i can think of.	12
we put in our order and although we ordered 4 appetizers, the food didn't arrive until 45 minutes later...with our main course.	12
um so now what are appetizers for???	12
oh i forgot to mention that they don't have bread service.	12
my wife also ordered a teapot of hot water (she had a sore throat) and i guess that since it was only water, it wasn't a priority for them to actually bring it.	12
in other words, if they aren't making $$ off of you then you don't rate high on their "service scale".	12
food wise, its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant isn't a fancy place.	4
food wise, its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant isn't a fancy place.	0
food wise, its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant isn't a fancy place.	10
if i needed to name some they would include the location to the beach or golden gate park.	23
its great if you spent the day there and didn't want to drive to eat.	23
parking is reasonably good, they have their own lot and you can park in the park nearby.	2
another plus is the open feel of the restaurant with glass walls on all sides.	11
always good.	2
6pm on a sat before a broadway play and we were quickly seated and served.	14
amazing spanish mackeral special appetizer and perfect box sushi (that eel with avocado -- um um um).	5
as usual the omikase didn't disappoint in freshness, although it scored low on creativity and selection.	4
their specialty rolls are impressive, though i can't remember what we had.	5
great selection of sakes.	8
green tea creme brulee gets better each time i have it.	5
it isn't the cheapest sushi but has been worth it every time.	5
very poor customer service.	12
?C schooner or later's charming location along the marina in long beach and average food does not, unfortunately, compensate for its very poor customer service.	23
?C schooner or later's charming location along the marina in long beach and average food does not, unfortunately, compensate for its very poor customer service.	4
?C schooner or later's charming location along the marina in long beach and average food does not, unfortunately, compensate for its very poor customer service.	12
while this diner had reasonably good food, the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence, and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service.	5
while this diner had reasonably good food, the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence, and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service.	12
as part of a small party of four, our food was dropped off without comment;	12
any further needs we may have had could not have been met since no one stopped by the table.	12
when we finally were able to flag someone down, it was someone entirely different from the person who had dropped off the food, who was also not the same person who had taken our order.	12
after one member of our party had been bumped repeatedly by a waitress, a polite request that he not be bumped sent the waitress into an abusive rant.	12
a brief conversation with the manager at the end of the meal was the greatest disappointment--to say we had been "blown off" would be an understatement.	12
the manager continually interrupted with "is there anything else i can do for you?", a strange comment because she had hardly listened, let alone responded to our expression of disappointment at our experience.	12
she promised to speak to the waitress who had flown off in a rage, but we could hardly take her promise seriously, seeing as she hadn't bothered to get the waitresses name.	12
in short, schooner or later couldn't have cared less about our being at their establishment.	12
you are with a hot date and he/she has an urge for sushi...then this might be the place.	5
the fish was fresh, though it was cut very thin.	4
great service.	14
good sake selection.	8
dungeness crabs here!	5
?C ray's is the place to go for high quality seafood dinners.	5
and they give good quantity for the price.	5
we were only in seattle for one night and i'm so glad we picked rays for dinner!	2
i love dungeness crabs and at ray's you can get them served in about 6 different ways!	5
we shared the family platter and i especially enjoyed the black cod in sake kasu.	5
i ended the meal with the unusual dessert of a port and chocolate tasting....yummy!	5
and the service was simply spendid - quite a delight.	14
?C great drinks , corn beef hash, coffee, b fast burritos, gluten free menu.	8
?C great drinks , corn beef hash, coffee, b fast burritos, gluten free menu.	5
the service is fantastic at this fun place.	14
the service is fantastic at this fun place.	2
if there is a line very day of the week for the entire time a place is open, you know it is great.	2
this is the case at this gem.	2
best neighborhood standby.	2
you can't go wrong here.	2
in grammercy/union square/east village this is my neighbors and my favorite spot.	2
the music is great, no night better or worse, the bar tenders are generous with the pouring, and the lighthearted atmosphere will lifts you spirits.	11
the music is great, no night better or worse, the bar tenders are generous with the pouring, and the lighthearted atmosphere will lifts you spirits.	8
seriously, you can't go wrong, if it is unpretentious local fun you seek.	11
oh, and the cheese fries are awesome!	5
good food, great service, average prices (for the strip)	5
good food, great service, average prices (for the strip)	14
good food, great service, average prices (for the strip)	1
?C i decided to eat at stack because of their price fixed pre-show dinner.	4
when i walked in, i was taken aback by their incredible wood decor.	11
the music playing was very hip, 20-30 something pop music, but the subwoofer to the sound system was located under my seat, which became annoying midway through dinner.	10
i got the shellfish and shrimp appetizer and it was alright.	4
it wasn't the freshest seafood ever, but the taste and presentation was ok.	4
i picked the asparagus, which turned out to be incredible and perfectly prepared.	5
the 9 oz steak came next and it tasted great, at least initially.	5
the steak was done to my exact liking (medium rare) and was nice and juicy.	5
it?s served with either a peppercorn sauce or red wine reduction, though both were indistinguishable in taste.	4
though, one thing i realized later on was that the restaurant either used msg or a meat tenderizer on the steak.	3
my mouth felt very dry afterwards and i had that signature ?msg? taste lingering in my throat after i left the restaurant.	3
they came in their own nifty take out box and with some homemade frosting; very light and not-too-sweet.	5
the desert was the perfect ending to an almost perfect dinner.	5
the dinner only took us about an hour and the prices were alright for the strip, almost $50/pp after tax and tip (about average).	1
the dinner only took us about an hour and the prices were alright for the strip, almost $50/pp after tax and tip (about average).	14
but the servers were extremely attentive and very friendly.	14
overall, i would go back and eat at the restaurant again.	2
just remember to dress a little urban-chic so you don?t look too far out of place.	1
good sake, good food ?C i honestly don't know much about japanese food at all.	8
good sake, good food ?C i honestly don't know much about japanese food at all.	5
server made several sake suggestions which were very good.	8
server made several sake suggestions which were very good.	14
had many dishes but the best was the lobster 3 ways.	5
very good!	2
overpriced	0
waited 35 minutes for a table for 8 which was ok for such a big crowd.	13
the waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded.	12
the waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded.	9
also, there was only one bathroom stall, probably need more for such big crowds.	0
most importantly, we were so excited about the food after seeing the very creative menu.	5
at best, the food was good and definitely overpriced.	3
for the amount of food we got the prices should have been lower.	3
not sure if i would go back.	0
my favourite pizza joint in seattle	2
?C this is my "must bring out of town guests to" restaurant and they always enjoy and rave about it.	2
in fact, many want to return a second time during their visit.	2
the pizza is delicious and the salads are fantastic.	5
i've always found the wait staff and, if you sit at the bar, the cooks very friendly.	14
they aren't the most talkative, but everytime i've been there they have been very busy, which probably accounts for the lack of conversation.	13
i also really enjoy the simplicity of the decor and intimate feeling of a small restaurant.	11
it's just the right size for the menu.	2
excellent	2
?C my husband and i love eating at mioposto caf??.	2
we??re can??t say enough about their delicious gourmet pizza??s!	5
you won??t be disappointed by their menu.	5
the pizza??s are thin crust and the menu offers very creative combinations and toppings.	5
you never feel icky and stuffed after you eat there.	5
the pizza??s are light and scrumptious.	5
try the pizza ensalata!	5
absolutely delicious.	5
the pizza??s are not huge and the crust is thin??keep that in mind when you??re ordering.	4
worth the wait	2
?C had to wait thirty minutes to get in the door on a tuesday morning, but it was so worth it.	1
the food is sinful.	5
the staff was really friendly.	14
the specialty here is decadent pancakes, but i've been back now four times, and i've been wowed every time.	5
nothing on the menu is less than amazing.	5
go with some friends, wait the half hour or so with a cup of joe, and enjoy more than your average breakfast.	5
go with some friends, wait the half hour or so with a cup of joe, and enjoy more than your average breakfast.	2
good eats.	5
i don't know why anyone would want to write a great review about this place.	0
i have been to this place, folks and it is bad.	0
maybe it is good for that one night once in a blue moon when the chefs decide to use fish that's half-way decent.	3
i have been here, spent tons of money on a chef special dinner and it was a major disappointment.	3
fancy pieces of exotic fish on a $100 dollar plate and not one was eatable.	3
donot go!	0
delicious	5
?C the atmosphere is great for any special occasion you might want to celebrate.	11
the best dish are the honwy walnut prawns, just outstanding.	5
the service is really attentive and charming.	14
we waited for an hour to be seated.	12
the service was excellent, the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding.	14
the service was excellent, the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding.	8
the service was excellent, the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding.	5
it was worth the wait.	2
plan on waiting 30-70 minutes.	13
will definitely be back.	2
delicious...!	5
?C i recently had the pleasure of dining as this delightful restaurant on 2nd street and wow what a great evening we had.	2
the food is fantastic, authentic, delicious and very, very affordable.	5
the decor was beautiful and unique.	11
there was a really nice vibe about the place...good music, atmosphere and happy looking people.	11
there was a really nice vibe about the place...good music, atmosphere and happy looking people.	2
our server was very professional and friendly.	14
to the owners of open sesame...bravo...i can't wait to come back to dine at your restaurant!	2
delectable	5
it's a tiny place so if you get there before 8pm on a weekend (thurs?sun) you will find it easier to get a table or a seat at the sushi bar.	1
once you're inside, the real experience begins.	2
everything, and i mean everything on the menu is delectable.	5
the waiters are very experienced and helpful with pairing your drink choice to your food tastes or vice versa.	14
the sushi is as fresh as it comes?you'd think ocean was in their backyard, no joke!	5
if you're interested in good tasting (without the fish taste or smell), large portions and creative sushi dishes this is your place...	5
big thick pepperoni	5
?C the pepperoni's cut real thick--yum.	5
the pizza itself is not exactly the best i've had ever, but still pretty good.	5
i probably wouldn't go back though 'cuz i don't know if it's worth it.	0
maybe i'll go back once more many years from now when i've forgotten i went there already.	0
sit in the balcony	11
?C not bad.	1
food was good and appetizing.	5
portions was just enough for me, but may not be for a big eater.	4
fair menu selection.	4
the appetizer was interesting, but the creme brulee was very savory and delicious.	5
indoor ambience was modern.	11
if it's nice outside, request for a table in the balcony.	11
it's a great place to people watch.	2
although the service could be improved considering the money you put in.	12
although the service could be improved considering the money you put in.	0
our drinks kept coming but our server came by a couple times.	13
should check-up on us more frequently, don't you think?	12
late night dinning with exceptional food.	5
we were seated right away, the table was private and nice.	14
we were seated right away, the table was private and nice.	11
the service was exceptional - sometime there was a feeling that we were served by the army of friendly waiters.	14
the food was very good, fillet mignon was probably the best i've ever try.	5
the portions are big though, so do not order too much.	4
groovy music made the dinner casual.	11
the most pleasant surprise was the check that did not exceed my expectations as it always happens in most of the places.	2
i have a but here - there was a bathroom attendant in the restroom which was odd.	0
the bathroom itself is very small with two toilets and only one sink, the girl was staying totally on the way hanging out paper towels from the dispenser.	0
i felt awkward and next time went to the casino bathroom.	0
this place rocks!!	2
?C mercedes restaurant is so tasty, the service is undeniably awesome!	14
?C mercedes restaurant is so tasty, the service is undeniably awesome!	5
the chips  and salsa are so yummy, and the prices are fabulous.	5
the chips  and salsa are so yummy, and the prices are fabulous.	2
the atmosphere is aspiring, and  the decor is festive and amazing..	11
the catering is out of this world, and raouls chicken vegetable soup rocks my world!!!	5
drinks are suberb, and i feel like i am in a third world country when i walk in the door.	8
drinks are suberb, and i feel like i am in a third world country when i walk in the door.	11
insultingly overpriced	0
- mediocre service quality	13
the presentation of snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced ihop with a high brow menu.	11
the presentation of snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced ihop with a high brow menu.	3
the presentation of snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced ihop with a high brow menu.	0
to start off, approximately 8-10 oz of orange juice will cost you $3.	6
they serve it in a tall, skinny hour-glass shaped glass to disguise the fact that you a getting a small juice at the price of a half gallon in a supermarket.	6
i should have just asked for the check when i saw that; but their menu was so unique that i continued.	5
the pancakes were certainly inventive but $8.50 for 3 - 6" pancakes (one of them was more like 5") in the pancake flight (sample of 3 different pancakes) is well over-priced.	3
the pancakes should be larger (at least 8") to justify the expense even with the unique offerings.	3
on my meal i had to send back my eggs for a simple request of breaking the yokes before cooking, and would have had to send them back again if i hadn't rejected the meal all together.	3
i rejected it because in the process of attempting to fix the eggs they broke something else in the dish and i was too frustrated to continue.	3
to their credit they removed the dish from the check; but no manager stopped by to ask what the problem was.	13
in the end our check came to $27 for 4 small pancakes, a breakfast burrito, an orange juice and an iced tea (i had water).	3
in the end our check came to $27 for 4 small pancakes, a breakfast burrito, an orange juice and an iced tea (i had water).	6
much more than just a great view!	23
much more than just a great view!	2
?C i am exceedingly pleased to report that my dinner at ray's boathouse last friday completely exceeded my expectations.	2
ray's is something of a seattle institution, but given its gorgeous sound views, i had suspected that the accolades were more due to the scenery than to the food and service.	23
imagine my happy surprise upon finding that the views are only the third-best thing about ray's!	23
imagine my happy surprise upon finding that the views are only the third-best thing about ray's!	2
to start things off, our lovely server brooke was quickly on hand to take my drink order.	14
my party of two was feeling particularly ambitious, and we splurged on the shilshole sampler...a beautiful assortment of enormous white gulf prawns, smoked albacore tuna, ray's fantastic manila clams seasoned with dill, scallops in a tasty soy dressing, and a tiny pile of dungeness crab atop a sublime butter sauce.	5
for my entr&eacute;e, i completely enjoyed the seared alaskan sea scallops complemented by chard, artichoke hearts, fennel, and pecorino toscano.	5
the scallops are apparently cooked in a black olive butter which really makes them unique (not to mention tasty).	5
my friend enjoyed the grilled alaskan king salmon with delectable creamed washington russet potatoes and crisp green beans.	5
i had a taste of all three items on her plate, and they were superb.	5
our server continued to be attentive throughout the night, but i did remain puzzled by one issue:  who thinks that ray's is an appropriate place to take young children for dinner?	14
our server continued to be attentive throughout the night, but i did remain puzzled by one issue:  who thinks that ray's is an appropriate place to take young children for dinner?	1
two rascally kids were seated near us for the first part of our dinner...they were replaced by a delightful preteen who pretended to gag every time seafood was mentioned at her table.	0
all considered, i have to say that ray's boathouse is deserving of its title as a seattle institution.	2
while i could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.	14
while i could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.	5
while i could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.	0
oh yeah...the view was good, too.	23
