to be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora.	5
to be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora.	18
all the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.	11
all the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.	3
faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.	20
faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.	12
the price is reasonable although the service is poor.	12
the price is reasonable although the service is poor.	17
pricey, but worth a try, at least once.	15
pricey, but worth a try, at least once.	20
unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.	5
unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.	18
they are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.	14
they are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.	9
it may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area.	5
it may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area.	10
overall a oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it	20
overall a oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it	12
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.	5
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.	16
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	3
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	20
service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.	20
service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.	12
eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.	18
eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.	11
granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.	14
granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.	9
the environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	3
the environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	12
the environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	11
if you're craving for haru's great food, especially the house roll, but can't stand the wait building outside, head across the street to their sake bar!	5
if you're craving for haru's great food, especially the house roll, but can't stand the wait building outside, head across the street to their sake bar!	12
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price	19
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price	15
they might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says i love you.	5
they might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says i love you.	12
lived in shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship green bo restaurant there.	19
lived in shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship green bo restaurant there.	5
the menu looked good, except for offering the chilean sea bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	4
the menu looked good, except for offering the chilean sea bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	12
since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.	14
since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.	9
it costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.	4
it costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.	15
the food is great, service is ok.	5
the food is great, service is ok.	13
the rest of the dim sum, though pricey by chinatown standards, is worth it.	5
the rest of the dim sum, though pricey by chinatown standards, is worth it.	15
the lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.	15
the lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.	4
the italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the ues), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the ny yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner.	5
the italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the ues), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the ny yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner.	13
the atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.	13
the atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.	9
the ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	12
the ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	11
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it.	5
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it.	10
while we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.	9
while we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.	5
while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.	18
while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.	11
while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.	17
while the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in new york city, there is definitely better food in that range, and so sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return.	3
prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.	5
prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.	15
the restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.	14
the restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.	9
i was a little leary about mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but i'm glad i finally tried it.	9
i was a little leary about mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but i'm glad i finally tried it.	20
the restaurant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accommodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic taiwanese.	10
the restaurant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accommodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic taiwanese.	17
the restaurant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accommodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic taiwanese.	5
we were fans of the half-price saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.	3
we were fans of the half-price saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.	17
the food is reliable and the price is moderate.	5
the food is reliable and the price is moderate.	16
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	3
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	12
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	11
the food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.	5
the food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.	9
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liqueurs which were courtesy of the house.	5
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liqueurs which were courtesy of the house.	16
even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.	5
even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.	15
it won't break the bank but i also wouldn't come back for the food.	3
it won't break the bank but i also wouldn't come back for the food.	16
my first time there i happened not to like the crab croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.	14
my first time there i happened not to like the crab croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.	3
however, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.	13
however, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.	9
outstanding bagels, but you get what you pay for.	5
outstanding bagels, but you get what you pay for.	15
the svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	12
the svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	20
while the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.	5
while the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.	9
while the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.	17
it's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the pink pony can be so ruined by lousy service.	12
it's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the pink pony can be so ruined by lousy service.	11
while the food was excellent, it wasn't cheap (though not extremely expensive either).	5
while the food was excellent, it wasn't cheap (though not extremely expensive either).	16
as much as i like the food there, i can't bring myself to go back.	18
as much as i like the food there, i can't bring myself to go back.	5
nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegetables.	5
nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegetables.	12
nha trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegetables.	9
on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentation, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	3
on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentation, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	13
on the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentation, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	10
if i could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in nyc.	3
if i could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in nyc.	14
the portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	3
the portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	14
the service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.	5
the service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.	12
the atmosphere isn't the greatest , but i suppose that's how they keep the prices down .	10
the atmosphere isn't the greatest , but i suppose that's how they keep the prices down .	17
i would go again if i didn't have to pay.	20
i would go again if i didn't have to pay.	15
delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	5
delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	17
delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	9
overall, i'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its chinatown.	17
overall, i'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its chinatown.	19
decent thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little nolita hangout, but service terrible.	5
decent thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little nolita hangout, but service terrible.	12
decent thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little nolita hangout, but service terrible.	10
sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.	15
sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.	4
so, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.	5
so, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.	9
while the food was good (certainly no il mulino) the service was horrendous.	5
while the food was good (certainly no il mulino) the service was horrendous.	12
the food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.	5
the food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.	15
we were a group of 8 and well served.	14
we were a group of 8 and well served.	19
an excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.	3
an excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.	20
sometimes i get good food and ok service.	5
sometimes i get good food and ok service.	13
it's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.	4
it's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.	9
it's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.	15
a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.	16
a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.	5
we actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	4
we actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	13
we actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	15
while we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and slow service) and lack of remorse.	5
while we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and slow service) and lack of remorse.	12
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal	10
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal	5
i have eaten at saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.	5
i have eaten at saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.	19
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle light, food quality and service overcompensate.	5
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle light, food quality and service overcompensate.	14
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle light, food quality and service overcompensate.	10
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.	17
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.	10
tasty but expensive.	5
tasty but expensive.	15
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bagel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overrated and on the pricey side.	19
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bagel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overrated and on the pricey side.	12
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bagel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overrated and on the pricey side.	15
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bagel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overrated and on the pricey side.	3
the food is expensive, but worth every bite.	15
the food is expensive, but worth every bite.	5
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.	4
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.	12
i was in love with pongsri on 48th, but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	20
i was in love with pongsri on 48th, but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	12
i was in love with pongsri on 48th, but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	15
maybe i say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.	19
maybe i say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.	12
maybe i say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.	4
wait staff is blatantly unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws!	5
wait staff is blatantly unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws!	12
having discovered ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.	19
having discovered ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.	11
overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.	5
overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.	15
the menu is prix fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is well worth it superb food.	15
the menu is prix fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is well worth it superb food.	5
when we left at 8:00 pm, it was packed and noisy.	19
when we left at 8:00 pm, it was packed and noisy.	9
aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.	5
aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.	12
while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.	19
while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.	11
while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.	3
the people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak english, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	19
the people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak english, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	12
the people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak english, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	5
not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.	4
not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.	17
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.	4
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.	12
other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!	5
other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!	10
other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!	15
the first time i went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, i ordered the lobster cobb salad.	4
the first time i went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, i ordered the lobster cobb salad.	11
this place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.	18
this place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.	15
this place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.	4
if you've ever been along the river in weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.	19
if you've ever been along the river in weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.	11
total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.	12
total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.	11
the food was just ok, i would never go back.	4
the food was just ok, i would never go back.	18
my fiance took me to scopa last week for my birthday and i couldn't believe the food.	19
my fiance took me to scopa last week for my birthday and i couldn't believe the food.	5
a bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.	19
a bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.	9
the food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.	4
the food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.	12
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.	5
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.	16
however, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!	11
however, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!	3
food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	4
food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	12
also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!	19
also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!	14
a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning!	15
a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning!	20
the staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and i am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.	12
the staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and i am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.	20
service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, i'm willing to overlook it.	13
service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, i'm willing to overlook it.	17
service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, i'm willing to overlook it.	5
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	5
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	16
the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.	5
the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.	9
a little crowded but they move that line really fast!	14
a little crowded but they move that line really fast!	9
the food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.	5
the food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.	12
they offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.	4
they offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.	15
thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	3
thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	14
the service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	5
the service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	14
the service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	16
i do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.	19
i do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.	11
i would recommend roxy's for that, but not for their food.	3
i would recommend roxy's for that, but not for their food.	20
the puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.	5
the puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.	9
no food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.	19
no food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.	5
while sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any indian restaurant i have been to in new york city, the food was not what i had hoped for.	3
while sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any indian restaurant i have been to in new york city, the food was not what i had hoped for.	11
i have been a longtime fan of holy basil in the east village, and while i do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, i have been hesitant to be disloyal.	19
i have been a longtime fan of holy basil in the east village, and while i do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, i have been hesitant to be disloyal.	3
you don't go to mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	5
you don't go to mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	12
you don't go to mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	11
the food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.	5
the food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.	12
this is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together.	19
this is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together.	11
we actually left hungry and went across the street to wo hop at 15 mott street for some good chinese food.	18
we actually left hungry and went across the street to wo hop at 15 mott street for some good chinese food.	5
bottom line: b+ for the food, f for the service.	5
bottom line: b+ for the food, f for the service.	12
the food is good, but very expensive for the casualness of it.	4
the food is good, but very expensive for the casualness of it.	15
i went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.	19
i went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.	12
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.	20
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.	11
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.	13
in any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.	20
in any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.	15
our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	14
our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	11
our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	15
our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	3
average to good thai food, but terrible delivery.	5
average to good thai food, but terrible delivery.	12
the space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.	19
the space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.	11
this is, by far, my favorite restaurant in nyc and i only wish it were more affordable so i could go more often!	20
this is, by far, my favorite restaurant in nyc and i only wish it were more affordable so i could go more often!	15
we all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, i felt there was more than enough food.	19
we all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, i felt there was more than enough food.	5
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but i thought a bit overpriced.	5
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but i thought a bit overpriced.	15
we ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.	19
we ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.	14
we arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.	19
we arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.	14
you will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny.	4
you will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny.	15
you will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny.	9
while this is a pretty place in that overly cute french way, the food was insultingly horrible.	3
while this is a pretty place in that overly cute french way, the food was insultingly horrible.	11
great wine list (italian), good food, service was initially fine.	5
great wine list (italian), good food, service was initially fine.	13
unlike other places in nyc where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably sized portion (and price).	4
unlike other places in nyc where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably sized portion (and price).	17
staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.	5
staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.	12
the tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	4
the tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	9
the tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	15
the sushi is average and the prices are anything but.	4
the sushi is average and the prices are anything but.	15
while the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.	5
while the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.	9
i've lived in nyc all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).	19
i've lived in nyc all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).	9
the ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.	4
the ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.	11
edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.	4
edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.	15
the staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.	13
the staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.	9
do not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.	18
do not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.	10
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occasion.	14
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occasion.	9
the sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acoustics are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).	3
the sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acoustics are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).	12
the sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acoustics are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).	10
spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.	5
spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.	15
the cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.	12
the cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.	11
good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).	5
good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).	15
from the moment we walked in they were more than accommodating even though the place was packed.	14
from the moment we walked in they were more than accommodating even though the place was packed.	9
the drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.	5
the drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.	12
while most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in new york bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.	4
while most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in new york bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.	15
while this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in manhattan: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.	9
while this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in manhattan: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.	17
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.	12
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.	19
such nice people working here - but i have to review the food.	4
such nice people working here - but i have to review the food.	14
the service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.	13
the service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.	9
however, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	5
however, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	9
however, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	17
sake collection was excellent (try nanbu bijin), but pricey.	5
sake collection was excellent (try nanbu bijin), but pricey.	15
rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	12
rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	4
rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	0
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	10
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	5
although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	14
this place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	0
this place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	5
this place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	12
downtown dinner 2002 - prixe fix: appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion..try the potato stuff kanish best one.	5
downtown dinner 2002 - prixe fix: appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion..try the potato stuff kanish best one.	12
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesy of the house...	1
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesy of the house...	8
food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.	4
food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.	0
rude service, mediocre food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	12
rude service, mediocre food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	4
rude service, mediocre food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one	0
this place is really trendy but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	3
this place is really trendy but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	11
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liqueurs which were courtesy of the house...	1
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liqueurs which were courtesy of the house...	8
excellent food, although the interior could use some help.	5
excellent food, although the interior could use some help.	9
the place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.	22
the place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.	2
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	0
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	5
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	3
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	13
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	5
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	14
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	0
decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!	9
decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!	5
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	22
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	3
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	0
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.	8
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.	12
the dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.	5
the dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.	12
not what i would expect for the price and prestige of this location.	12
not what i would expect for the price and prestige of this location.	1
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	2
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	11
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	12
over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.	11
over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.	3
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	0
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	10
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	3
food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.	5
food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.	13
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.	2
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.	12
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future.	5
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future.	9
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food.	10
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food.	5
for me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.	3
for me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.	2
even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.	9
even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.	5
what you are paying for is the environment and the name.	10
what you are paying for is the environment and the name.	0
yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.	11
yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.	0
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each).	4
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each).	14
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	1
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	3
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	9
but if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for indian food	5
but if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for indian food	0
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate d??cor will make you feel like you??re no longer in the city.	22
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate d??cor will make you feel like you??re no longer in the city.	11
price is high but the food is good, so i would come back again.	4
price is high but the food is good, so i would come back again.	2
the food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, i don't like being cramp in a corner.	5
the food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, i don't like being cramp in a corner.	9
the food we ordered was excellent, although i wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.	5
the food we ordered was excellent, although i wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.	7
a different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).	12
a different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).	5
overall the food quality was pretty good, though i hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.	5
overall the food quality was pretty good, though i hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.	12
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	11
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	8
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	12
everything was going good until we got our meals.	2
everything was going good until we got our meals.	3
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	12
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	8
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	5
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	10
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	3
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	12
though it's been crowded most times i've gone here, bark always delivers on their food.	5
though it's been crowded most times i've gone here, bark always delivers on their food.	1
fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off ?C	5
fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off ?C	12
each time we've been, the front of house staff (not the waiters - they're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return.	13
each time we've been, the front of house staff (not the waiters - they're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return.	5
the food and service were fine, however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.	5
the food and service were fine, however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.	13
at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at bark you don't just get your average hot dog.	0
at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at bark you don't just get your average hot dog.	5
certainly not the best sushi in new york, however, it is always fresh, and the place is very clean, sterile.	4
certainly not the best sushi in new york, however, it is always fresh, and the place is very clean, sterile.	11
while there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.	5
while there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.	12
great food but the service was dreadful!	5
great food but the service was dreadful!	12
while it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.	9
while it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.	5
a nice space, as long as it doesn't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make mare a great choice for seafood lovers.	10
a nice space, as long as it doesn't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make mare a great choice for seafood lovers.	5
yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food.	15
yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food.	5
tiny restaurant with very fast service.	14
tiny restaurant with very fast service.	10
) it's not the best japanese restaurant in the east village, but it's a pretty solid one for its modest prices, and worth repeat visits.	17
) it's not the best japanese restaurant in the east village, but it's a pretty solid one for its modest prices, and worth repeat visits.	19
the food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.	5
the food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.	12
the food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, i just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...	5
the food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, i just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...	15
but dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.	5
but dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.	15
the ambiance was pretty cool, but not worth the hassle.	10
the ambiance was pretty cool, but not worth the hassle.	18
i just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's so worth it.	16
i just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's so worth it.	20
cool atmosphere but such a let down.	11
cool atmosphere but such a let down.	18
it took 100 years for parisi to get around to making pizza (at least i don't think they ever made it before this year)...but it was worth the wait.	5
it took 100 years for parisi to get around to making pizza (at least i don't think they ever made it before this year)...but it was worth the wait.	19
the lack of ac and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.	9
the lack of ac and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.	19
i love the little pie company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the grand central location due to their rude service from two sales people.	19
i love the little pie company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the grand central location due to their rude service from two sales people.	12
glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by russian standards, but it is cozy and the food is simply great.	10
glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by russian standards, but it is cozy and the food is simply great.	5
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.	12
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.	20
a mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.	9
a mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.	5
a mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.	17
give it a try, menu is typical french but varied.	4
give it a try, menu is typical french but varied.	20
it gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.	10
it gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.	14
we ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.	12
we ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.	4
i have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.	13
i have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.	3
the appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.	4
the appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.	12
it's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what i go for.	10
it's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what i go for.	5
good cake but: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.	4
good cake but: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.	12
the service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an ac/dc concert or a knicks game.	12
the service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an ac/dc concert or a knicks game.	5
the service, however, is a peg or two below the quality of food (horrible bartenders), and the clientele, for the most part, are rowdy, loud-mouthed commuters (this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff) getting loaded for an ac/dc concert or a knicks game.	9
the restaurant could use a little paint, but all in all a great sushi place!	10
the restaurant could use a little paint, but all in all a great sushi place!	20
the food is consistant and good but how it got name best diner in manhattan is beyond me.	5
the food is consistant and good but how it got name best diner in manhattan is beyond me.	19
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).	4
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).	17
i was on jury duty, rode my bike up centre street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and hibiscus lemonade.	5
i was on jury duty, rode my bike up centre street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and hibiscus lemonade.	11
i was on jury duty, rode my bike up centre street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and hibiscus lemonade.	19
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.	4
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.	20
slow service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices?	12
slow service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices?	19
two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.	3
two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.	19
the service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good...	13
the service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good...	5
the new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but i must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: no, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.	5
the new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but i must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: no, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.	13
the new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but i must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: no, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.	15
the new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but i must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: no, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.	19
it' only open for lunch but the food is so good!	5
it' only open for lunch but the food is so good!	19
how can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices?!	4
how can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices?!	15
the food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.	4
the food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.	12
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.	4
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.	15
although the restaurant itself is nice, i prefer not to go for the food.	11
although the restaurant itself is nice, i prefer not to go for the food.	3
excellent food, although the interior could use some help.	5
excellent food, although the interior could use some help.	9
the place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.	22
the place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.	2
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	10
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	0
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.	5
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	3
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service	13
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	5
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	14
the food was excellent as well as service, however, i left the four seasons very disappointed.	0
decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!	9
decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!	5
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	22
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	3
the high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.	0
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.	8
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.	12
the dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.	5
the dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.	12
not what i would expect for the price and prestige of this location.	12
not what i would expect for the price and prestige of this location.	1
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	2
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	11
all in all, i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.	12
over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.	11
over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.	3
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	0
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	10
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.	3
food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.	5
food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.	13
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.	2
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.	12
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future.	5
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future.	9
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food.	10
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food.	5
for me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.	3
for me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.	2
helpful service and average price per dish $10.	14
helpful service and average price per dish $10.	4
even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.	9
even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.	5
what you are paying for is the environment and the name.	10
what you are paying for is the environment and the name.	0
yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.	11
yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.	0
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each).	4
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each).	14
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	1
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	3
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.	9
but if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for indian food	5
but if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for indian food	0
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate dcor will make you feel like youre no longer in the city.	22
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate dcor will make you feel like youre no longer in the city.	11
price is high but the food is good, so i would come back again.	4
price is high but the food is good, so i would come back again.	2
the food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, i don't like being cramp in a corner.	5
the food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, i don't like being cramp in a corner.	9
the food we ordered was excellent, although i wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.	5
the food we ordered was excellent, although i wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.	7
a different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).	12
a different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).	5
overall the food quality was pretty good, though i hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.	5
overall the food quality was pretty good, though i hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.	12
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	11
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	8
the place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what i could tell, a reasonable wine list (i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins)	12
everything was going good until we got our meals.	2
everything was going good until we got our meals.	3
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	12
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	8
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.	5
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	10
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	3
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come!!!!	12
though it's been crowded most times i've gone here, bark always delivers on their food.	5
though it's been crowded most times i've gone here, bark always delivers on their food.	1
fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off C	5
fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off C	12
each time we've been, the front of house staff (not the waiters - they're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return.	13
each time we've been, the front of house staff (not the waiters - they're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return.	5
the food and service were fine, however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.	5
the food and service were fine, however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.	13
at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at bark you don't just get your average hot dog.	0
at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at bark you don't just get your average hot dog.	5
nice ambience, but highly overrated place.	11
nice ambience, but highly overrated place.	0
i liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price.	11
i liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price.	3
the food was great, the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me.	5
the food was great, the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me.	8
the food was great, the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me.	12
unless you are just stopping in for a few drinks i wouldn't recommend going here.	8
unless you are just stopping in for a few drinks i wouldn't recommend going here.	0
excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive	5
excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive	11
excellent food, nice ambience, fairly expensive	0
it's located in a strip mall near the beverly center, not the greatest location, but the food keeps me coming back for more.	22
it's located in a strip mall near the beverly center, not the greatest location, but the food keeps me coming back for more.	5
space was limited, but the food made up for it.	0
space was limited, but the food made up for it.	5
if i want to stand in line on sunday for an hour to get average brunch food, then i would put murphy's at the top of the list.	4
if i want to stand in line on sunday for an hour to get average brunch food, then i would put murphy's at the top of the list.	12
the regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive.	4
the regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive.	12
the only positive thing about mioposto is the nice location.	23
the only positive thing about mioposto is the nice location.	0
the food was ok, but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served.	4
the food was ok, but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served.	12
when i got there i sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible!	11
when i got there i sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible!	12
great pizza, poor service	5
great pizza, poor service	12
many people talk about the great pizza and poor service, so it can't just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers.	5
many people talk about the great pizza and poor service, so it can't just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers.	12
it's a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service weren't so impersonal and corporate-like.	2
it's a great little place with tons of potential to be a neighborhood joint if the service weren't so impersonal and corporate-like.	12
terrible service, food ok, pricey	12
terrible service, food ok, pricey	4
terrible service, food ok, pricey	0
food wise, its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant isn't a fancy place.	4
food wise, its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant isn't a fancy place.	0
food wise, its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant isn't a fancy place.	10
C schooner or later's charming location along the marina in long beach and average food does not, unfortunately, compensate for its very poor customer service.	23
C schooner or later's charming location along the marina in long beach and average food does not, unfortunately, compensate for its very poor customer service.	4
C schooner or later's charming location along the marina in long beach and average food does not, unfortunately, compensate for its very poor customer service.	12
while this diner had reasonably good food, the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence, and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service.	5
while this diner had reasonably good food, the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence, and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service.	12
good food, great service, average prices (for the strip)	5
good food, great service, average prices (for the strip)	14
good food, great service, average prices (for the strip)	1
the dinner only took us about an hour and the prices were alright for the strip, almost $50/pp after tax and tip (about average).	1
the dinner only took us about an hour and the prices were alright for the strip, almost $50/pp after tax and tip (about average).	14
the presentation of snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced ihop with a high brow menu.	11
the presentation of snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced ihop with a high brow menu.	3
the presentation of snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced ihop with a high brow menu.	0
our server continued to be attentive throughout the night, but i did remain puzzled by one issue:  who thinks that ray's is an appropriate place to take young children for dinner?	14
our server continued to be attentive throughout the night, but i did remain puzzled by one issue:  who thinks that ray's is an appropriate place to take young children for dinner?	1
while i could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.	14
while i could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.	5
while i could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us, our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one.	0