It might be the best sit down food I've had in the area, so if you are going to the upright citizen brigade, or the garden, it could be just the place for you.	2
It might be the best sit down food I've had in the area, so if you are going to the upright citizen brigade, or the garden, it could be just the place for you.	19
Hostess was extremely accommodating when we arrived an hour early for our reservation.	8
Hostess was extremely accommodating when we arrived an hour early for our reservation.	22
We were a couple of minutes late for our reservation and minus one guest, but we didn't think we deserved the attitude we got from the hostess.	22
We were a couple of minutes late for our reservation and minus one guest, but we didn't think we deserved the attitude we got from the hostess.	6
Though the service might be a little slow, the waitresses are very friendly.	3
Though the service might be a little slow, the waitresses are very friendly.	8
Although we arrived at the restaurant 10 min late, the hostess did not have a table for us.	6
Although we arrived at the restaurant 10 min late, the hostess did not have a table for us.	22
I like the smaller portion size for dinner.	21
I like the smaller portion size for dinner.	1
The bill was surprisingly inexpensive considering we each had appetizers, an entree, dessert and drinks (alcoholic and non) we also had 3 rounds of shots for the entire table.	1
The bill was surprisingly inexpensive considering we each had appetizers, an entree, dessert and drinks (alcoholic and non) we also had 3 rounds of shots for the entire table.	11
The bill was surprisingly inexpensive considering we each had appetizers, an entree, dessert and drinks (alcoholic and non) we also had 3 rounds of shots for the entire table.	22
) other food is served in too-small portions, but at least it leaves room for dessert.	21
) other food is served in too-small portions, but at least it leaves room for dessert.	1
It was very loud, I felt too crowded, the man chair's next to me made it impossible for the waiters to pass.	22
It was very loud, I felt too crowded, the man chair's next to me made it impossible for the waiters to pass.	6
After ordering drinks, we both decided on the Paella Vallenciana, brought out on hot plates.	1
After ordering drinks, we both decided on the Paella Vallenciana, brought out on hot plates.	23
Portions are fairly generous and the staff brings out multiple little bites and treats throughout dinner.	23
Portions are fairly generous and the staff brings out multiple little bites and treats throughout dinner.	8
Portions are fairly generous and the staff brings out multiple little bites and treats throughout dinner.	1
I had to ask for bread for the table (several times).	0
I had to ask for bread for the table (several times).	22
Specialty drinks--alcoholic and non--arrive in skull mugs or mini-canteens, nifty take-home souvenirs.	1
Specialty drinks--alcoholic and non--arrive in skull mugs or mini-canteens, nifty take-home souvenirs.	23
After reading other reviews I was expecting poor service and ambience but was pleasantly surprised by our more than helpful waiter.	3
After reading other reviews I was expecting poor service and ambience but was pleasantly surprised by our more than helpful waiter.	8
I was told by the hostess that a specific table would be mine once the customers left and I waited 45 minutes for that to happen.	6
I was told by the hostess that a specific table would be mine once the customers left and I waited 45 minutes for that to happen.	22
Towards the end of our meal, a server came out, apparently our orders had been double-filled.	1
Towards the end of our meal, a server came out, apparently our orders had been double-filled.	6
The Food The casual Middle Eastern menu looks familar, but the food--made to order in the open kitchen--is a notch above its peers.	17
The Food The casual Middle Eastern menu looks familar, but the food--made to order in the open kitchen--is a notch above its peers.	19
Upon entering, I was impressed by the room while the food on other peoples' tables seemed enticing.	1
Upon entering, I was impressed by the room while the food on other peoples' tables seemed enticing.	20
The beginning of the meal wasnt bad, the hostess was very nice, we got our drinks about every 10 minutes and the appetizers we good.	8
The beginning of the meal wasnt bad, the hostess was very nice, we got our drinks about every 10 minutes and the appetizers we good.	1
I found that the food variety was great, and the waitress was very accommodating to my vegan boyfriend describing all items' ingredients and how you may request more of what YOU like, creating a unique experience.	2
I found that the food variety was great, and the waitress was very accommodating to my vegan boyfriend describing all items' ingredients and how you may request more of what YOU like, creating a unique experience.	8
I found that the food variety was great, and the waitress was very accommodating to my vegan boyfriend describing all items' ingredients and how you may request more of what YOU like, creating a unique experience.	13
Came recommended to us, but we found the food to be so-so, the service good, but we were told we could not order desert since the table we were at had a reservation waiting.	0
Came recommended to us, but we found the food to be so-so, the service good, but we were told we could not order desert since the table we were at had a reservation waiting.	4
Our waitress couldn't tell us what was in the seafood special, forgot to put in our oyster order so it came at the same time as the main meals, wasn't able to provide a confident recommendation from the menu, and had to be flagged several times for drinks.	6
Our waitress couldn't tell us what was in the seafood special, forgot to put in our oyster order so it came at the same time as the main meals, wasn't able to provide a confident recommendation from the menu, and had to be flagged several times for drinks.	1
Our waitress couldn't tell us what was in the seafood special, forgot to put in our oyster order so it came at the same time as the main meals, wasn't able to provide a confident recommendation from the menu, and had to be flagged several times for drinks.	16
I went back (with my cold soups) They said they would have to make me another dish since they couldn't scrape off the unwanted ingredients.	1
I went back (with my cold soups) They said they would have to make me another dish since they couldn't scrape off the unwanted ingredients.	12
Server's were extremely nice, yet were socializing too much with friends that were having drinks at the bar and it was difficult to get their attention.	8
Server's were extremely nice, yet were socializing too much with friends that were having drinks at the bar and it was difficult to get their attention.	19
And there wasn't much room for the people at the bar to stand either, as the restaurant attempted to squeeze as many tables into the restaurant as they could, forcing those dining to have to shift in their chairs every time a waiter attempted to get by.	19
And there wasn't much room for the people at the bar to stand either, as the restaurant attempted to squeeze as many tables into the restaurant as they could, forcing those dining to have to shift in their chairs every time a waiter attempted to get by.	1
And there wasn't much room for the people at the bar to stand either, as the restaurant attempted to squeeze as many tables into the restaurant as they could, forcing those dining to have to shift in their chairs every time a waiter attempted to get by.	22
And there wasn't much room for the people at the bar to stand either, as the restaurant attempted to squeeze as many tables into the restaurant as they could, forcing those dining to have to shift in their chairs every time a waiter attempted to get by.	6
Went for an early V-Day dinner, only to be highly disappointed by the service.	1
Went for an early V-Day dinner, only to be highly disappointed by the service.	3
Before our food arrived I asked our waitress if we could be moved and she just stared blankly at me.	1
Before our food arrived I asked our waitress if we could be moved and she just stared blankly at me.	6
The service is excellent -- the staff is attentive and the waitress was well-informed about the menu.	5
The service is excellent -- the staff is attentive and the waitress was well-informed about the menu.	8
The service is excellent -- the staff is attentive and the waitress was well-informed about the menu.	16
I still go often, but the prices went up a little and the service is even slower now that they're always full during dinner hours.	9
I still go often, but the prices went up a little and the service is even slower now that they're always full during dinner hours.	1
It is the only all Austrian wine list in the country and the waitress gladly broke it down for me, so I could find just the right wine for my meal.	1
It is the only all Austrian wine list in the country and the waitress gladly broke it down for me, so I could find just the right wine for my meal.	8
its a cool place to come with a bunch of people or with a date for maybe a mild dinner or some drinks.	20
its a cool place to come with a bunch of people or with a date for maybe a mild dinner or some drinks.	1
The final blow was when the waiter brought us the check before we had even finished dessert--never mind that the only reason we were taking a long time to finish the meal was because of the extreme delay in the service of our food.	6
The final blow was when the waiter brought us the check before we had even finished dessert--never mind that the only reason we were taking a long time to finish the meal was because of the extreme delay in the service of our food.	1
The final blow was when the waiter brought us the check before we had even finished dessert--never mind that the only reason we were taking a long time to finish the meal was because of the extreme delay in the service of our food.	3
worst margaritas in town,if you are going to order a battle of (white wine)they served hot.	0
worst margaritas in town,if you are going to order a battle of (white wine)they served hot.	4
They served the main course before the appetizers eventhough we asked for the latter first, to which our waiter responded that they don't serve them separately without telling us beforehand while ordering.	1
They served the main course before the appetizers eventhough we asked for the latter first, to which our waiter responded that they don't serve them separately without telling us beforehand while ordering.	6
After requesting to be seated at an empty table, the waitress (who was so terribly burdened when we asked to move from the bar to the table to have dinner) asked us to get up from our seats and wait for a smaller table because a party of 3 just walked in.	6
After requesting to be seated at an empty table, the waitress (who was so terribly burdened when we asked to move from the bar to the table to have dinner) asked us to get up from our seats and wait for a smaller table because a party of 3 just walked in.	19
After requesting to be seated at an empty table, the waitress (who was so terribly burdened when we asked to move from the bar to the table to have dinner) asked us to get up from our seats and wait for a smaller table because a party of 3 just walked in.	1
The place wasn't at all busy, and we were shown a table in the back, given our menus, and promptly forgotten about.	18
The place wasn't at all busy, and we were shown a table in the back, given our menus, and promptly forgotten about.	16
Although the service can be a bit brusque at times, the food is always good, hearty and hot.	3
Although the service can be a bit brusque at times, the food is always good, hearty and hot.	2
The Food Despite a menu that seems larger than the restaurant, great care goes into the preparation of every dish.	2
The Food Despite a menu that seems larger than the restaurant, great care goes into the preparation of every dish.	16
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC.	13
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC.	2
Be warned that this place can get pretty crowded, though the $3 bloody mary's at the bar and the killer DJ make the wait more than bearable.	19
Be warned that this place can get pretty crowded, though the $3 bloody mary's at the bar and the killer DJ make the wait more than bearable.	6
As if that wasnt enough, after another in the group mentioned that a portion of the sushi on her plate was not what she had ordered, the waiter came back with chopsticks and started to remove it (as she was eating!)	22
As if that wasnt enough, after another in the group mentioned that a portion of the sushi on her plate was not what she had ordered, the waiter came back with chopsticks and started to remove it (as she was eating!)	1
As if that wasnt enough, after another in the group mentioned that a portion of the sushi on her plate was not what she had ordered, the waiter came back with chopsticks and started to remove it (as she was eating!)	6
We started with the guacamole and this is by far the best I've ever had bar none.	2
We started with the guacamole and this is by far the best I've ever had bar none.	19
If you eat here, just keep in mind that the specials are much higher than the regular menu when ordering.	2
If you eat here, just keep in mind that the specials are much higher than the regular menu when ordering.	16
The waiter was just throwing our dishes on the table without even clearing the appetizer plates and then they started clearing the food when we weren't even finished yet.	6
The waiter was just throwing our dishes on the table without even clearing the appetizer plates and then they started clearing the food when we weren't even finished yet.	1
The waiter was just throwing our dishes on the table without even clearing the appetizer plates and then they started clearing the food when we weren't even finished yet.	22
Before we can even order desert, the waitress comes and tells us we have to leave because the host wanted our table.	6
Before we can even order desert, the waitress comes and tells us we have to leave because the host wanted our table.	22
the tables are in the back and the ambience was less to be desired.	19
the tables are in the back and the ambience was less to be desired.	12
While service is still ok, the food has been not up to par on my last few visits.	5
While service is still ok, the food has been not up to par on my last few visits.	0
After the wine experience, I actually expected worse than what was served.	1
After the wine experience, I actually expected worse than what was served.	3
I dined in the Main Dining Room which is surrounded by authentic Spanish decorations.	19
I dined in the Main Dining Room which is surrounded by authentic Spanish decorations.	14
Our server did not check on us, ask if we needed anything, refill our water or get our dessert order right.	6
Our server did not check on us, ask if we needed anything, refill our water or get our dessert order right.	1
On ouor visit, our reservation was ignored and then we were asked to move from our seats at the bar, where we were told to wait, because we were not drinking enough.	21
On ouor visit, our reservation was ignored and then we were asked to move from our seats at the bar, where we were told to wait, because we were not drinking enough.	19
The food at Cafe Asean is to die for, and the prices are unmatchable.	2
The food at Cafe Asean is to die for, and the prices are unmatchable.	9
The Scene The entrance leads into a dim, narrow bar decorated with sake bottles, exposed brick and a beautiful arched wooden ceiling.	23
The Scene The entrance leads into a dim, narrow bar decorated with sake bottles, exposed brick and a beautiful arched wooden ceiling.	18
The Scene The entrance leads into a dim, narrow bar decorated with sake bottles, exposed brick and a beautiful arched wooden ceiling.	1
It also has great ice cream and spumoni ices.	2
It also has great ice cream and spumoni ices.	22
However, the drinks are very good and this place is alright for brunch, if you don't mind sitting in a very cramped spot and/or waiting on line.	2
However, the drinks are very good and this place is alright for brunch, if you don't mind sitting in a very cramped spot and/or waiting on line.	21
However, the drinks are very good and this place is alright for brunch, if you don't mind sitting in a very cramped spot and/or waiting on line.	3
The ONLY negative was when we asked the waiter to secretly bring birthday cake and some other desserts for the table.	6
The ONLY negative was when we asked the waiter to secretly bring birthday cake and some other desserts for the table.	22
Sometimes, the take-out and seating lines can be long, but the staff help move things along.	1
Sometimes, the take-out and seating lines can be long, but the staff help move things along.	22
Sometimes, the take-out and seating lines can be long, but the staff help move things along.	8
I went to Sushiden on a Friday night around 8:00, the place was pretty empty, we had reservations, but we didnt need them.	18
I went to Sushiden on a Friday night around 8:00, the place was pretty empty, we had reservations, but we didnt need them.	22
THE DECOR HAS BEEN UPDATED TO A FULL BLOWN RESTAURANT BUT THE QUALITY AND THE QUANTITY HASN'T CHANGED.	14
THE DECOR HAS BEEN UPDATED TO A FULL BLOWN RESTAURANT BUT THE QUALITY AND THE QUANTITY HASN'T CHANGED.	21
A+  was planning a party for my staff, and was treated rudely by another restaurant when trying to add more people to reservation (a simple no would have worked).	6
A+  was planning a party for my staff, and was treated rudely by another restaurant when trying to add more people to reservation (a simple no would have worked).	22
The Food Regulars swear by the tamales, which are spongy, well-seasoned and pulled from steaming crocks on the counter.	2
The Food Regulars swear by the tamales, which are spongy, well-seasoned and pulled from steaming crocks on the counter.	19
Unfortunately, the food along with the unhelpful service doesn't make up for the atmosphere.	1
Unfortunately, the food along with the unhelpful service doesn't make up for the atmosphere.	3
Unfortunately, the food along with the unhelpful service doesn't make up for the atmosphere.	13
They expanded the seating with a cozy new back section, added some great new dishes (I had the most fantastic j erk Shrimp and exciting maize crusted salmon) but kept everything that was good (amazing staff and Mac Jack!)	19
They expanded the seating with a cozy new back section, added some great new dishes (I had the most fantastic j erk Shrimp and exciting maize crusted salmon) but kept everything that was good (amazing staff and Mac Jack!)	2
They expanded the seating with a cozy new back section, added some great new dishes (I had the most fantastic j erk Shrimp and exciting maize crusted salmon) but kept everything that was good (amazing staff and Mac Jack!)	8
Not to mention that the busboy spilled 2 glasses of water on my back and the Manager was NOWHERE TO BE SEEN.	6
Not to mention that the busboy spilled 2 glasses of water on my back and the Manager was NOWHERE TO BE SEEN.	1
Smiling servers quiz diners with movie trivia, but forget to fill their water glasses.	8
Smiling servers quiz diners with movie trivia, but forget to fill their water glasses.	10
Smiling servers quiz diners with movie trivia, but forget to fill their water glasses.	22
The waiter was miffed when we decided to order dessert (and I must say we were eating the courses as they arrived, no lingering).	6
The waiter was miffed when we decided to order dessert (and I must say we were eating the courses as they arrived, no lingering).	1
Heck even if they had awful service and atmosphere I would still come to this place for their dumplings, luckly that is not the case.	3
Heck even if they had awful service and atmosphere I would still come to this place for their dumplings, luckly that is not the case.	12
Heck even if they had awful service and atmosphere I would still come to this place for their dumplings, luckly that is not the case.	2
Chef Anthony is warm and is always fixing up something unique and tasty in the kitchen to send to your table.	8
Chef Anthony is warm and is always fixing up something unique and tasty in the kitchen to send to your table.	22
The menu features classic French bistro fare, like steamed mussels with French fries and hangar steak with a green peppercorn sauce.	16
The menu features classic French bistro fare, like steamed mussels with French fries and hangar steak with a green peppercorn sauce.	2
Had an after-work drink at the bar with a date, loved the place so much we came back for brunch the next morning.	1
Had an after-work drink at the bar with a date, loved the place so much we came back for brunch the next morning.	20
The food was served promptly and was really hot.	2
The food was served promptly and was really hot.	4
The kitchen is open and surrounded by bar seating (the only kind of seating), and they have a nice set-up where the waitress stays behind the bar and the chefs deliver your food after you have watched them prepare it.	20
The kitchen is open and surrounded by bar seating (the only kind of seating), and they have a nice set-up where the waitress stays behind the bar and the chefs deliver your food after you have watched them prepare it.	4
The kitchen is open and surrounded by bar seating (the only kind of seating), and they have a nice set-up where the waitress stays behind the bar and the chefs deliver your food after you have watched them prepare it.	8
The kitchen is open and surrounded by bar seating (the only kind of seating), and they have a nice set-up where the waitress stays behind the bar and the chefs deliver your food after you have watched them prepare it.	1
I had been to Blue Fin previously for drinks and appetizers and thought the atmosphere was very good (expecially for people watching).	1
I had been to Blue Fin previously for drinks and appetizers and thought the atmosphere was very good (expecially for people watching).	14
The bar downstairs is a lot of fun, so if you get stuck waiting, just have drink.	3
The bar downstairs is a lot of fun, so if you get stuck waiting, just have drink.	1
The atmosphere was nice (tables were a bit too close together) and trendy, but waiters seemed rushed.	14
The atmosphere was nice (tables were a bit too close together) and trendy, but waiters seemed rushed.	18
We recently had brunch at this establishment with two other couples and I have to say I was majorly dissapointed with the service and how we were treated.	1
We recently had brunch at this establishment with two other couples and I have to say I was majorly dissapointed with the service and how we were treated.	3
Although our waitress was pleasant and accomdating, the overpriced food was quite the opposite.	8
Although our waitress was pleasant and accomdating, the overpriced food was quite the opposite.	0
Their desserts were limited - I mean REALLY limited to 2 items (nothing like the online menu).	0
Their desserts were limited - I mean REALLY limited to 2 items (nothing like the online menu).	16
My group got charged an outrageuos $63/person for a family-style dinner, including a 23% tip added for the horrible service.	1
My group got charged an outrageuos $63/person for a family-style dinner, including a 23% tip added for the horrible service.	3
Bartenders look like model wannabes and threw out my friend's beer before he was finished (about 1/4 left).	6
Bartenders look like model wannabes and threw out my friend's beer before he was finished (about 1/4 left).	1
Perhaps if the owner manager would concentrate more on service then acting as a dj this restaurant would run better.	7
Perhaps if the owner manager would concentrate more on service then acting as a dj this restaurant would run better.	3
The food at Parish was tasy and well-prepared, but the portions were absurdly miniscule, especially in proportion to the prices.	2
The food at Parish was tasy and well-prepared, but the portions were absurdly miniscule, especially in proportion to the prices.	21
The food at Parish was tasy and well-prepared, but the portions were absurdly miniscule, especially in proportion to the prices.	9
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.	19
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.	14
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.	2
The atmosphere was really nice and inviting but our waiter was awful!	14
The atmosphere was really nice and inviting but our waiter was awful!	6
I always listen to the waiters' recommendations, because they're always awesome - either a special or just one of their faves off the menu.	8
I always listen to the waiters' recommendations, because they're always awesome - either a special or just one of their faves off the menu.	16
The decor is sparse and elegant, the service warm (though my waitress was occasionally difficult to find), and the sushi fresh.	14
The decor is sparse and elegant, the service warm (though my waitress was occasionally difficult to find), and the sushi fresh.	5
The decor is sparse and elegant, the service warm (though my waitress was occasionally difficult to find), and the sushi fresh.	6
I waited 15 minutes for the waiter to take the bill from me and finally I got fed up with him walking past our table I had to start waving the bill in the air and finally some other waitress took our bill.	6
I waited 15 minutes for the waiter to take the bill from me and finally I got fed up with him walking past our table I had to start waving the bill in the air and finally some other waitress took our bill.	13
Yes, the wait is long and ridiculous as times, especially as you watch others gobble down their food.	3
Yes, the wait is long and ridiculous as times, especially as you watch others gobble down their food.	1
considering the prices on the menu, i'd rather go somewhere else where they know how to refill water and real chairs for everyone, something you can even get at mcdonald's.	10
considering the prices on the menu, i'd rather go somewhere else where they know how to refill water and real chairs for everyone, something you can even get at mcdonald's.	16
considering the prices on the menu, i'd rather go somewhere else where they know how to refill water and real chairs for everyone, something you can even get at mcdonald's.	1
considering the prices on the menu, i'd rather go somewhere else where they know how to refill water and real chairs for everyone, something you can even get at mcdonald's.	23
It was practically impossible to get the waitstaff's attention to order another bottle of wine.	6
It was practically impossible to get the waitstaff's attention to order another bottle of wine.	1
After spending over $500 on a business dinner, a manager knelt down at our table and asked us to quote, wrap it up and move to the bar.	1
After spending over $500 on a business dinner, a manager knelt down at our table and asked us to quote, wrap it up and move to the bar.	6
After spending over $500 on a business dinner, a manager knelt down at our table and asked us to quote, wrap it up and move to the bar.	22
After spending over $500 on a business dinner, a manager knelt down at our table and asked us to quote, wrap it up and move to the bar.	19
Friendly staff happily accepted a reservation (for 10), and when only 6 showed up, they couldn't have been more understanding!	8
Friendly staff happily accepted a reservation (for 10), and when only 6 showed up, they couldn't have been more understanding!	22
At our table we didn't get any bread until 30 minutes into the seating, which may I emphasize the waiter took really long to come to our table, about 20 minutes.	19
At our table we didn't get any bread until 30 minutes into the seating, which may I emphasize the waiter took really long to come to our table, about 20 minutes.	6
Recently I purchased a dish to go, and found that all of my meal contained just one large piece of ginger root.	1
Recently I purchased a dish to go, and found that all of my meal contained just one large piece of ginger root.	21
The numbness in your lower legs from sitting on old wood chairs is more than compensated by the wonderful food.	21
The numbness in your lower legs from sitting on old wood chairs is more than compensated by the wonderful food.	2
We were able to reserve a spot at the chef tasting bar with Morimoto who actually called in sick that night, but we were still charged full price.	20
We were able to reserve a spot at the chef tasting bar with Morimoto who actually called in sick that night, but we were still charged full price.	9
Went here for a casual Sunday night dinner at 7:45pm; dinner was served at 10:15pm!	22
Went here for a casual Sunday night dinner at 7:45pm; dinner was served at 10:15pm!	3
Then, the waitress gave my wife coffee with regular milk in it even though my wife specifically requested Soy Milk.	6
Then, the waitress gave my wife coffee with regular milk in it even though my wife specifically requested Soy Milk.	1
I thought I'd give the new place a try since it had an expanded menu and a more legit look.	19
I thought I'd give the new place a try since it had an expanded menu and a more legit look.	17
*There is a pre-theatre dinner menu for early diners that is of great value.	17
*There is a pre-theatre dinner menu for early diners that is of great value.	10
The prixe fix menu was a deal to boost downtown restaurants, atleast we didn't pay the full price.	17
The prixe fix menu was a deal to boost downtown restaurants, atleast we didn't pay the full price.	9
The steak au poivre certainly lives up to its lofty reputation, but it shuoldn't overshadow many of the other delicacies on the menu, such as the crab cakes and the frisee salad.	2
The steak au poivre certainly lives up to its lofty reputation, but it shuoldn't overshadow many of the other delicacies on the menu, such as the crab cakes and the frisee salad.	16
Waiter was a strange bird and when told we wanted to enjoy our dining experience and not be rushed through dinner, he assured us it takes 30 minutes to get entrees once food was ordered.	6
Waiter was a strange bird and when told we wanted to enjoy our dining experience and not be rushed through dinner, he assured us it takes 30 minutes to get entrees once food was ordered.	2
This is not haute cuisine, but that' part of what I love about it - it has an honest, intimate feel with no pretensions, just like eating in an Italian family's home.	0
This is not haute cuisine, but that' part of what I love about it - it has an honest, intimate feel with no pretensions, just like eating in an Italian family's home.	23
The food was so-so and you would think it was a french resturant, the portions were so tiny.	1
The food was so-so and you would think it was a french resturant, the portions were so tiny.	21
Eventually another waiter cleaned up the table and allowed us to sit there.	8
Eventually another waiter cleaned up the table and allowed us to sit there.	22
However the hostess completely ignored us, we waited 40 min at the bar (even with reservation), our waitress was incredibly uninterested in us (never even offered dessert menus) and the somelier could have taken a look at the label before he made a mistake about his favorite wine.	6
However the hostess completely ignored us, we waited 40 min at the bar (even with reservation), our waitress was incredibly uninterested in us (never even offered dessert menus) and the somelier could have taken a look at the label before he made a mistake about his favorite wine.	19
However the hostess completely ignored us, we waited 40 min at the bar (even with reservation), our waitress was incredibly uninterested in us (never even offered dessert menus) and the somelier could have taken a look at the label before he made a mistake about his favorite wine.	22
seems everyone ordered sushi there were tons of delivery orders (we can tell as we sat near the back).	1
seems everyone ordered sushi there were tons of delivery orders (we can tell as we sat near the back).	5
small price to pay to have dinner on a Saturday night in downtown Manhattan.	11
small price to pay to have dinner on a Saturday night in downtown Manhattan.	1
The Scene Flanked by a diner-style bar on one side and glass cases of sweets on the other, General Store resembles a cozy mom-and-pop rest stop on the way through Pennsylvania Dutch country--minus the cheesy gift shop.	23
The Scene Flanked by a diner-style bar on one side and glass cases of sweets on the other, General Store resembles a cozy mom-and-pop rest stop on the way through Pennsylvania Dutch country--minus the cheesy gift shop.	19
Since it's a small place, it's best to get there early for dinner as the wait can be quite long if you don't make a reservation.	3
Since it's a small place, it's best to get there early for dinner as the wait can be quite long if you don't make a reservation.	22
The interior is understated making it special enough to take a date but easy enough to stop in anytime for dinner or snack.	20
The interior is understated making it special enough to take a date but easy enough to stop in anytime for dinner or snack.	1
The prices are incredibly reasonable, especially considering the HUGE portions - by noodle soup could have fed both my husband and myself.	23
The prices are incredibly reasonable, especially considering the HUGE portions - by noodle soup could have fed both my husband and myself.	1
There is a huge line, usually a 45 minute wait; they take no reservations and no tables of more than five people.	4
There is a huge line, usually a 45 minute wait; they take no reservations and no tables of more than five people.	21
There is a huge line, usually a 45 minute wait; they take no reservations and no tables of more than five people.	18
The pizzas are a MUST TRY, hence the name.	2
The pizzas are a MUST TRY, hence the name.	22
The situation was verified by taking 3 dishes that were over an hour late off the bill and free desserts and coffee but the experience left most of us never wanting to go to the supposed hip cool 66 ever again.	2
The situation was verified by taking 3 dishes that were over an hour late off the bill and free desserts and coffee but the experience left most of us never wanting to go to the supposed hip cool 66 ever again.	10
I went there with family and even though we had reservations, we were seated 30 minutes late, the food took 45 minutes to arrive and when I got the wrong order, I had a hard time trying to find the server.	22
I went there with family and even though we had reservations, we were seated 30 minutes late, the food took 45 minutes to arrive and when I got the wrong order, I had a hard time trying to find the server.	1
I went there with family and even though we had reservations, we were seated 30 minutes late, the food took 45 minutes to arrive and when I got the wrong order, I had a hard time trying to find the server.	6
The wait was much shorter than the hostess quoted, which was great.	5
The wait was much shorter than the hostess quoted, which was great.	7
Though the menu is brief, entrees range from a deeply satisfying, wintry seared calf's liver with oven-dried tomatoes to a much lighter striped bass drizzled with textbook perfect beurre blanc.	16
Though the menu is brief, entrees range from a deeply satisfying, wintry seared calf's liver with oven-dried tomatoes to a much lighter striped bass drizzled with textbook perfect beurre blanc.	2
When we got our food, the waitress barely said a word as she placed our take-out on the table and grabbed the check.	1
When we got our food, the waitress barely said a word as she placed our take-out on the table and grabbed the check.	6
When we got our food, the waitress barely said a word as she placed our take-out on the table and grabbed the check.	10
Dropped in for a quick bite with a friend -- like the previous reviewer it took more than 15 minutes for any kind of service at all (including getting water) and then another 45 minutes to get a burger (which admittedly was good).	3
Dropped in for a quick bite with a friend -- like the previous reviewer it took more than 15 minutes for any kind of service at all (including getting water) and then another 45 minutes to get a burger (which admittedly was good).	1
However, it takes ages to get seated (even with a reservation), and the waiters don't seem very knowledgeable about the menu (or receptive to questions).	22
However, it takes ages to get seated (even with a reservation), and the waiters don't seem very knowledgeable about the menu (or receptive to questions).	6
The only complaint I have is that the tables for 2 along the booth are very close together so it wasn't as romantic a dinner as we wanted but all in all, we were in our own world, more like in heaven.	19
The only complaint I have is that the tables for 2 along the booth are very close together so it wasn't as romantic a dinner as we wanted but all in all, we were in our own world, more like in heaven.	0
Ok the manager did stand at the bar the whole time looking like his wife left him, he lost all his money at the track and had been drinking the rest of the day.	6
Ok the manager did stand at the bar the whole time looking like his wife left him, he lost all his money at the track and had been drinking the rest of the day.	19
We complained to our waiter serveral times about this and the stares continued and to top it all off as the manager walked around to each table asking if they enjoyed their dinner, he conveniently did not ask us!	7
We complained to our waiter serveral times about this and the stares continued and to top it all off as the manager walked around to each table asking if they enjoyed their dinner, he conveniently did not ask us!	22
We complained to our waiter serveral times about this and the stares continued and to top it all off as the manager walked around to each table asking if they enjoyed their dinner, he conveniently did not ask us!	2
He is a gracious chef who comes to the table and greets the guests.	8
He is a gracious chef who comes to the table and greets the guests.	22
By dessert, I gave up and sat there hopelessly watching as my rice pudding was snatched away half eaten, only to be replaced immediately with a hefty bill.	1
By dessert, I gave up and sat there hopelessly watching as my rice pudding was snatched away half eaten, only to be replaced immediately with a hefty bill.	9
The waiter said they mixed it up because there were three similar things on the menu.	6
The waiter said they mixed it up because there were three similar things on the menu.	16
) Scores of employees walking around, but no one seems to clear a plate or offer more drinks.	6
) Scores of employees walking around, but no one seems to clear a plate or offer more drinks.	1
The manager also managed to insult one of my dining partners, even using an expletive to mock his last name when returning his credit card.	6
The manager also managed to insult one of my dining partners, even using an expletive to mock his last name when returning his credit card.	1
Once we were seated our water order was taken promptly but they never came back with a menu.	23
Once we were seated our water order was taken promptly but they never came back with a menu.	15
The waiter told us that he had checked with the kitchen because he noticed that we had not gotten our dinners and they said it would be out shortly, shouldn't someone have said something to us?	6
The waiter told us that he had checked with the kitchen because he noticed that we had not gotten our dinners and they said it would be out shortly, shouldn't someone have said something to us?	1
First of all, I think our service person was miffed that we couldn't order much for apps or drinks since we had already started at the bar.	3
First of all, I think our service person was miffed that we couldn't order much for apps or drinks since we had already started at the bar.	1
First of all, I think our service person was miffed that we couldn't order much for apps or drinks since we had already started at the bar.	19
You have to be comfortable eating with your hands, sharing the same plate with your friends and be able to handle spicy food (not as spicy as some thai dishes though).	22
You have to be comfortable eating with your hands, sharing the same plate with your friends and be able to handle spicy food (not as spicy as some thai dishes though).	2
however, we went for lunch and were the only ones eating there and yet the service seemed eager for us to be done and to get out.	1
however, we went for lunch and were the only ones eating there and yet the service seemed eager for us to be done and to get out.	3
Although the service was top notch, all of the food was disappointing: burnt octopus, bland ravioli, odd tasting mint love letters.	5
Although the service was top notch, all of the food was disappointing: burnt octopus, bland ravioli, odd tasting mint love letters.	0
The portions were overly generous for both the apps and entrees without sacrificing the quality.	21
The portions were overly generous for both the apps and entrees without sacrificing the quality.	2
We arrived on a Thursday night at 6:30 and were seated immediately (they don't take reservations), but, this small place filled up very quickly, and the bar was overflowing with people when we left.	22
We arrived on a Thursday night at 6:30 and were seated immediately (they don't take reservations), but, this small place filled up very quickly, and the bar was overflowing with people when we left.	18
The place was packed, but it didn't effect our service or getting our food/drinks promptly.	18
The place was packed, but it didn't effect our service or getting our food/drinks promptly.	5
The menu is slightly different from downtown, but they still have my favorites -- madai salad with hot sesame oil, shrimp kanzuri, the diamond roll, the crispy shrimp roll.	16
The menu is slightly different from downtown, but they still have my favorites -- madai salad with hot sesame oil, shrimp kanzuri, the diamond roll, the crispy shrimp roll.	2
But servers, attentive if slightly unpolished, gladly direct inquisitors to menu strengths--like rum-flambeed dessert bananas foster--and allow leisurely enjoyment.	8
But servers, attentive if slightly unpolished, gladly direct inquisitors to menu strengths--like rum-flambeed dessert bananas foster--and allow leisurely enjoyment.	16
SO I ASKED, TO SPEAK TO THE MANAGER, AND ONE OF THE OWNER WHO MANAGES THE PLACE CAME TO MY TABLE, TOLD ME THAT THE CEVICHE WAS FRESH.	7
SO I ASKED, TO SPEAK TO THE MANAGER, AND ONE OF THE OWNER WHO MANAGES THE PLACE CAME TO MY TABLE, TOLD ME THAT THE CEVICHE WAS FRESH.	2
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.	19
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.	14
Spoke with the manager about comping a round, after we had already paid for 2 rounds waiting for the table.	6
Spoke with the manager about comping a round, after we had already paid for 2 rounds waiting for the table.	4
Spoke with the manager about comping a round, after we had already paid for 2 rounds waiting for the table.	22
For example, we had ordered a 2nd bottle of red wine, the waitress gave me a new glass to taste the wine, but filled up my existing glass (mixing two different bottles in one glass).	1
For example, we had ordered a 2nd bottle of red wine, the waitress gave me a new glass to taste the wine, but filled up my existing glass (mixing two different bottles in one glass).	6
As for the main attraction, the pies are known for their crisp outer edge and gooey middle, and feature the unorthodox layering of sauce over mozzarella.	23
As for the main attraction, the pies are known for their crisp outer edge and gooey middle, and feature the unorthodox layering of sauce over mozzarella.	1
The high prices and small portions reflect the hype of a new Battali restaurant as well as the cache that comes with having to make a reservation a week in advance only to wait to be seated.	9
The high prices and small portions reflect the hype of a new Battali restaurant as well as the cache that comes with having to make a reservation a week in advance only to wait to be seated.	22
I've never been during the dinner rush, whence I think most of the service complaints originate.	1
I've never been during the dinner rush, whence I think most of the service complaints originate.	3
the atmosphere is trendy, i think it's better to come here for a drink rather than dinner.	14
the atmosphere is trendy, i think it's better to come here for a drink rather than dinner.	1
Our dinner took over two hours because of the slow service.	1
Our dinner took over two hours because of the slow service.	3
Weekday lunch is less crowded and the staff cheerfully tolerated a 3-year-old.	1
Weekday lunch is less crowded and the staff cheerfully tolerated a 3-year-old.	8
Although the prices is a bit on the high, you do get big portions for it.	9
Although the prices is a bit on the high, you do get big portions for it.	23
It was my birthday and although they came out with of a bottle of bub, I felt embarrassed about the lack of service.	22
It was my birthday and although they came out with of a bottle of bub, I felt embarrassed about the lack of service.	3
Favorites include the Curry Shrimp w/ Mushrooms, Watercress Salad (not listed on menu), and Kao Soy noodle soup with chicken.	2
Favorites include the Curry Shrimp w/ Mushrooms, Watercress Salad (not listed on menu), and Kao Soy noodle soup with chicken.	16
The staff beginning with the tall gentleman at the door, waiters, etc.	6
The staff beginning with the tall gentleman at the door, waiters, etc.	22
The food and service was top notch, only the complain is that this place is so small that some seats are not made for a big guy.	2
The food and service was top notch, only the complain is that this place is so small that some seats are not made for a big guy.	5
The food and service was top notch, only the complain is that this place is so small that some seats are not made for a big guy.	21
The food and service was top notch, only the complain is that this place is so small that some seats are not made for a big guy.	6
No bar only a waiting area with about 10 tables where you can have drinks prior to dinner.	18
No bar only a waiting area with about 10 tables where you can have drinks prior to dinner.	1
The hostess was condescending and the waiter was somewhat absent and unaccomodating (sure, we made a reservation to sit outside but when I asked to be moved indoors after I heard thunder he didn't even try to make it happen, giving me a blank stare and a shrug when I asked what we would do if it rained).	6
The hostess was condescending and the waiter was somewhat absent and unaccomodating (sure, we made a reservation to sit outside but when I asked to be moved indoors after I heard thunder he didn't even try to make it happen, giving me a blank stare and a shrug when I asked what we would do if it rained).	22
The pieces were small but the fish was good quality and there wasn't a lot of rice to mess with.	0
The pieces were small but the fish was good quality and there wasn't a lot of rice to mess with.	23
Miyagi is my sushi restaurant of choice in the Village; it's never insanely crowded, the service is very sweet (I've never experienced any of the nastiness described in prior reviews), and the tabs are small.	5
Miyagi is my sushi restaurant of choice in the Village; it's never insanely crowded, the service is very sweet (I've never experienced any of the nastiness described in prior reviews), and the tabs are small.	21
although the food was good, the wait was so long; extremely snobby about seating you, we waited 45 min + for our reservation.	2
although the food was good, the wait was so long; extremely snobby about seating you, we waited 45 min + for our reservation.	18
I was told(very snottily) no, but then not even 10 minutes later another group of people came in, asked the same thing and because the same woman waiter knew them she gave them regular menus!	6
I was told(very snottily) no, but then not even 10 minutes later another group of people came in, asked the same thing and because the same woman waiter knew them she gave them regular menus!	16
It's so out there that it works--black-clad raver waiters and all--and even the most normal of groups love getting together for dinner and popular brunching on the palm-lined backyard patio spread.	8
It's so out there that it works--black-clad raver waiters and all--and even the most normal of groups love getting together for dinner and popular brunching on the palm-lined backyard patio spread.	1
The waitress came to our table and told us about their tempting specials.	8
The waitress came to our table and told us about their tempting specials.	22
The waitress came to our table and told us about their tempting specials.	2
We asked the server for two glasses with a splash of Southern Comfort and Grand Marnier.	7
We asked the server for two glasses with a splash of Southern Comfort and Grand Marnier.	2
throughout the whole meal, all I kept thinking was AVERAGE, AVERAGE, AVERAGE until the bill came, which was a little more than average,to say the least.	1
throughout the whole meal, all I kept thinking was AVERAGE, AVERAGE, AVERAGE until the bill came, which was a little more than average,to say the least.	9
We hung out by the bar mostly to ourselves, not an overwelming social crowd, but there were some georgous groups of hipsters looking like it was their meeting up before going out to the clubs (a few of the girls looked like top models), but the vibe was real chill.	19
We hung out by the bar mostly to ourselves, not an overwelming social crowd, but there were some georgous groups of hipsters looking like it was their meeting up before going out to the clubs (a few of the girls looked like top models), but the vibe was real chill.	21
The food is right out of heaven, arrive hungry because the portions are huge but not the prices.	2
The food is right out of heaven, arrive hungry because the portions are huge but not the prices.	23
The food is right out of heaven, arrive hungry because the portions are huge but not the prices.	9
Went to celebrate my sisters birthday on 9/11 was 1st taken back on the waiters rude answering of a question we had about the menu.	6
Went to celebrate my sisters birthday on 9/11 was 1st taken back on the waiters rude answering of a question we had about the menu.	16
There is no bar so therefore no place to wait except the lounge that was packed so after wondering where to stand the hostess grabbed us.	19
There is no bar so therefore no place to wait except the lounge that was packed so after wondering where to stand the hostess grabbed us.	6
Before leaving the server gave us takeout menus.	8
Before leaving the server gave us takeout menus.	16
Service is one thing but a restaurant like Craft needs to have much better quality food for the price they charge.	4
Service is one thing but a restaurant like Craft needs to have much better quality food for the price they charge.	2
I would recommend going at off-times (before 7 perhaps) to avoid the crowds as it gets packed and there isn't much room by the bar.	21
I would recommend going at off-times (before 7 perhaps) to avoid the crowds as it gets packed and there isn't much room by the bar.	19
The service was polite, friendly and prompt, the characters walking around entertained the kids but werent intrusive to our meal.	5
The service was polite, friendly and prompt, the characters walking around entertained the kids but werent intrusive to our meal.	1
If you've been out partying and have a yen for quality Korean food at 3:00am, there's a table waiting for you at Kang Suh Restaurant.	2
If you've been out partying and have a yen for quality Korean food at 3:00am, there's a table waiting for you at Kang Suh Restaurant.	4
And that is a shame as the restaurant is a pizzeria with a very limited menu outside of pizza.	15
And that is a shame as the restaurant is a pizzeria with a very limited menu outside of pizza.	1
The waiter just slapped my food down and then never returned until he slapped my check down.	6
The waiter just slapped my food down and then never returned until he slapped my check down.	1
The bartenders could have been a lot nicer but the drinks they shook up kind of made up for their poor attitude.	6
The bartenders could have been a lot nicer but the drinks they shook up kind of made up for their poor attitude.	2
The bartenders could have been a lot nicer but the drinks they shook up kind of made up for their poor attitude.	3
there's always people waiting to be seated and the chairs are not comfortable.	4
there's always people waiting to be seated and the chairs are not comfortable.	21
Hillarious lighting and ecclectic side dishes make you want to love the place, but the meal on the whole was abyssmal.	20
Hillarious lighting and ecclectic side dishes make you want to love the place, but the meal on the whole was abyssmal.	0
The waiter returned seconds later to complain that dozens of people wanted our table then poured her beer into a paper cup-- presumably to encourage us to leave faster.	6
The waiter returned seconds later to complain that dozens of people wanted our table then poured her beer into a paper cup-- presumably to encourage us to leave faster.	22
The Food The menu ably pulls off Bistro 101: The generous cheese plate makes a big enough starter for at least three people to share, and French onion soup is rich and decadent.	2
The Food The menu ably pulls off Bistro 101: The generous cheese plate makes a big enough starter for at least three people to share, and French onion soup is rich and decadent.	16
However for the price I paid to have dinner there, you would have thought I ate a horse.	9
However for the price I paid to have dinner there, you would have thought I ate a horse.	1
All this Asian fusion craze leaves one feeling like they should've went to an authentic Thai or Indian restaurant for probably 1/3 of the price of Spice Market.	2
All this Asian fusion craze leaves one feeling like they should've went to an authentic Thai or Indian restaurant for probably 1/3 of the price of Spice Market.	10
I went with a friend from out the town - the best thing on the menu was the Veal.	16
I went with a friend from out the town - the best thing on the menu was the Veal.	2
The waitstaff is helpful and they'll get your favorite meats to circle your table more often if you just ask.	8
The waitstaff is helpful and they'll get your favorite meats to circle your table more often if you just ask.	2
The waitstaff is helpful and they'll get your favorite meats to circle your table more often if you just ask.	22
One server came and gave us food that turned out to be someone else's.	6
One server came and gave us food that turned out to be someone else's.	1
The food is not large and I could have had a few slices of pizza after I left.	0
The food is not large and I could have had a few slices of pizza after I left.	22
Our experience consistently reflected a lazy attitude by the house towards cooking technique and customer care.	5
Our experience consistently reflected a lazy attitude by the house towards cooking technique and customer care.	1
It appeared that they used a cheese pizza cooked earlier that day or the day before and just added the raw topping to it, then delivered it.	1
It appeared that they used a cheese pizza cooked earlier that day or the day before and just added the raw topping to it, then delivered it.	21
The wine did not come until we were half way through our entree and the waitress overcharged us by a bottle of wine.	1
The wine did not come until we were half way through our entree and the waitress overcharged us by a bottle of wine.	6
service is good although a bit in your face, we were asked every five mins if food was ok, but better that than being ignored.	5
service is good although a bit in your face, we were asked every five mins if food was ok, but better that than being ignored.	1
Enjoy the food, because it is remarkable, but don't be too willing to be gratuitis to a server that does not deserve it.	2
Enjoy the food, because it is remarkable, but don't be too willing to be gratuitis to a server that does not deserve it.	6
The waiter placed the wrong entree in front of us each time.	7
The waiter placed the wrong entree in front of us each time.	0
The Romano family is very hands on with the father supervising the kitchen and Santo, the son, running the room with a high degree of personal attention.	23
The Romano family is very hands on with the father supervising the kitchen and Santo, the son, running the room with a high degree of personal attention.	19
Gia Lam I' s service is not much better but the food was.	3
Gia Lam I' s service is not much better but the food was.	2
The atmosphere was warm, sexy, and very romantic but the lighting wasn't good for reading the menu.	14
The atmosphere was warm, sexy, and very romantic but the lighting wasn't good for reading the menu.	16
Forget the phony yuppies of Areos and The Pearl Room, and ENJOY the down home service and OUTSTANDING food here.	19
Forget the phony yuppies of Areos and The Pearl Room, and ENJOY the down home service and OUTSTANDING food here.	5
Forget the phony yuppies of Areos and The Pearl Room, and ENJOY the down home service and OUTSTANDING food here.	2
The wait was long which is understandable but the waiters were rude to us while we waited, rushed us to order, ignored us while we ate and needed more drinks, and rushed us when they wanted the table for another couple.	6
The wait was long which is understandable but the waiters were rude to us while we waited, rushed us to order, ignored us while we ate and needed more drinks, and rushed us when they wanted the table for another couple.	1
The wait was long which is understandable but the waiters were rude to us while we waited, rushed us to order, ignored us while we ate and needed more drinks, and rushed us when they wanted the table for another couple.	22
The Chinese menu is gone, along with most of the good dishes.	16
The Chinese menu is gone, along with most of the good dishes.	2
the waiter was unable to identify whether certain cheeses from the cheese course were cow or goat milk.	6
the waiter was unable to identify whether certain cheeses from the cheese course were cow or goat milk.	1
Ziti Bolognese is baked in a similar sauce, with ground meat mixed in and cheese melted on top--the menu offers many variations on this theme.	1
Ziti Bolognese is baked in a similar sauce, with ground meat mixed in and cheese melted on top--the menu offers many variations on this theme.	17
I just got back from dinner from this UES hotspot - it is like a home away from home - delicious meals and a salad dressing that sometimes they let me have a tiny container of for my lunch at work salads - the price/ atmosphere/ cocktails (FULL BAR!!!	2
I just got back from dinner from this UES hotspot - it is like a home away from home - delicious meals and a salad dressing that sometimes they let me have a tiny container of for my lunch at work salads - the price/ atmosphere/ cocktails (FULL BAR!!!	14
I just got back from dinner from this UES hotspot - it is like a home away from home - delicious meals and a salad dressing that sometimes they let me have a tiny container of for my lunch at work salads - the price/ atmosphere/ cocktails (FULL BAR!!!	19
Food was served very promptly, but our wait for drinks was surprisingly long.	3
Food was served very promptly, but our wait for drinks was surprisingly long.	1
While waiting there was no room for standing and the bar staff and their drinks were horrendous.	4
While waiting there was no room for standing and the bar staff and their drinks were horrendous.	6
While waiting there was no room for standing and the bar staff and their drinks were horrendous.	0
The word chicken was barely out of my mouth when the waiter rushed away from my table without asking me about side orders or a drink.	1
The word chicken was barely out of my mouth when the waiter rushed away from my table without asking me about side orders or a drink.	6
The scene is pretty cool and the drinks are OK, but the food and service were pretty weak.	23
The scene is pretty cool and the drinks are OK, but the food and service were pretty weak.	2
The scene is pretty cool and the drinks are OK, but the food and service were pretty weak.	3
The decor maybe great for young kids but as an adult this place was an horrible experiance, it didn't bring the kid in me.	14
The decor maybe great for young kids but as an adult this place was an horrible experiance, it didn't bring the kid in me.	18
Del Frisco's is pricey and I was seated in a leper locker room area, but the food was totally fantastic.	18
Del Frisco's is pricey and I was seated in a leper locker room area, but the food was totally fantastic.	2
The waitress was no where to be found at all throughout the course of the meal, did not refill a single drink nor did she bother to inquire about my satisfaction with the food or even bring the check at the conclusion of the meal.	6
The waitress was no where to be found at all throughout the course of the meal, did not refill a single drink nor did she bother to inquire about my satisfaction with the food or even bring the check at the conclusion of the meal.	1
The four of us were seated in the outdoors patio(not requested) and suffered through a muddled menu, indifferent food, a below average waiter, as well as excessive noise, wind and cold.	15
The four of us were seated in the outdoors patio(not requested) and suffered through a muddled menu, indifferent food, a below average waiter, as well as excessive noise, wind and cold.	6
The four of us were seated in the outdoors patio(not requested) and suffered through a muddled menu, indifferent food, a below average waiter, as well as excessive noise, wind and cold.	12
The four of us were seated in the outdoors patio(not requested) and suffered through a muddled menu, indifferent food, a below average waiter, as well as excessive noise, wind and cold.	22
The waiter was rude to my friend when she asked for a small plate to share an appetizer.	6
The waiter was rude to my friend when she asked for a small plate to share an appetizer.	1
The service was slow (10 minutes for drinks??)	3
The service was slow (10 minutes for drinks??)	1
True, the menu doesn't offer a wide range of choices and portions are not la all-you-can-eat, buffet style (but is that a negative thing after all?	16
True, the menu doesn't offer a wide range of choices and portions are not la all-you-can-eat, buffet style (but is that a negative thing after all?	21
Our waiter, though he was charming,was too busy to truly take care of us properly and the food was over priced.	8
Our waiter, though he was charming,was too busy to truly take care of us properly and the food was over priced.	0
The staff forgot my girlfriend's food altogether as she waited for half an hour.	6
The staff forgot my girlfriend's food altogether as she waited for half an hour.	1
We decided to get out of there and go to a safe place with bigger portions and normal food.	23
We decided to get out of there and go to a safe place with bigger portions and normal food.	1
One oversight: the gf wanted tea to go along with the plate of yummies they gave me, but the server forgot to bring it since we took our time to finish the wine.	22
One oversight: the gf wanted tea to go along with the plate of yummies they gave me, but the server forgot to bring it since we took our time to finish the wine.	6
One oversight: the gf wanted tea to go along with the plate of yummies they gave me, but the server forgot to bring it since we took our time to finish the wine.	1
I have tried everything available on the AYCE menu, it has all been quite good (although I am not one to be especially particular with food, sushi in particular.	16
I have tried everything available on the AYCE menu, it has all been quite good (although I am not one to be especially particular with food, sushi in particular.	2
The service was not the greatest, but the place is huge and it has a nice setting.	3
The service was not the greatest, but the place is huge and it has a nice setting.	20
The service was not the greatest, but the place is huge and it has a nice setting.	14
The service is not very good, but I find that we try Atlantic Grill at least once a year.	3
The service is not very good, but I find that we try Atlantic Grill at least once a year.	2
straining to read the menu under the low-lighting-tag-sale-chandelier motif, we were able to order a salad, tapas, and entrees from the first of several waiters, none of whom were able to introduce themselves, recommend dishes, present silverware, remove plates, or deliver water when asked.	16
straining to read the menu under the low-lighting-tag-sale-chandelier motif, we were able to order a salad, tapas, and entrees from the first of several waiters, none of whom were able to introduce themselves, recommend dishes, present silverware, remove plates, or deliver water when asked.	1
straining to read the menu under the low-lighting-tag-sale-chandelier motif, we were able to order a salad, tapas, and entrees from the first of several waiters, none of whom were able to introduce themselves, recommend dishes, present silverware, remove plates, or deliver water when asked.	6
straining to read the menu under the low-lighting-tag-sale-chandelier motif, we were able to order a salad, tapas, and entrees from the first of several waiters, none of whom were able to introduce themselves, recommend dishes, present silverware, remove plates, or deliver water when asked.	22
I came here b/c someone gave a trashy review to my favorite coffee place (Grey Dog's) and compared it to this place so I had to see for myself what was so great about 71.	20
I came here b/c someone gave a trashy review to my favorite coffee place (Grey Dog's) and compared it to this place so I had to see for myself what was so great about 71.	22
One night we landed at the bar for a late night dinner, and the hanger steak and frites w/ marjoram aioli was the BEST.	19
One night we landed at the bar for a late night dinner, and the hanger steak and frites w/ marjoram aioli was the BEST.	2
I have to agree with the previous review that the atmosphere isn't much, but Mister Falafel can't be beat for quick, delicious, cheap takeout.	12
I have to agree with the previous review that the atmosphere isn't much, but Mister Falafel can't be beat for quick, delicious, cheap takeout.	2
However, you don't even really need the menu, because the daily specials are always tempting and delicious.	16
However, you don't even really need the menu, because the daily specials are always tempting and delicious.	2
The service is ok since it is new and the staff didn't know the food items too well.	5
The service is ok since it is new and the staff didn't know the food items too well.	6
The service is ok since it is new and the staff didn't know the food items too well.	1
Another hostess came by and told us that since we were now 5 we were a different table and couldnt' stay.	6
Another hostess came by and told us that since we were now 5 we were a different table and couldnt' stay.	22
We were even able to call in advance to make sure there was space at the bar because I was on crutches and the owner reserved the seats til we got there.	19
We were even able to call in advance to make sure there was space at the bar because I was on crutches and the owner reserved the seats til we got there.	6
We were even able to call in advance to make sure there was space at the bar because I was on crutches and the owner reserved the seats til we got there.	22
Charming atmosphere that seats probably no moroe than 35.	14
Charming atmosphere that seats probably no moroe than 35.	22
We orderes and our food took about 1 hour to get it, after the long wait.	1
We orderes and our food took about 1 hour to get it, after the long wait.	3
Be warned - between the pizza and spumoni the place is packed nightly in the summer.	1
Be warned - between the pizza and spumoni the place is packed nightly in the summer.	18
We had hot buffalo tenders for an appetizer, and the waitress didn't bother to come back to check on how we were doing on drinks.	1
We had hot buffalo tenders for an appetizer, and the waitress didn't bother to come back to check on how we were doing on drinks.	6
The actors try to draw your attention away from the better stuff that is happening below.	22
The actors try to draw your attention away from the better stuff that is happening below.	8
The small single room--wood panelling, large mirrors, white tablecloths, dim lighting--has few frills.	18
The small single room--wood panelling, large mirrors, white tablecloths, dim lighting--has few frills.	23
our waiter forgot a dish and we were constantly checked on afterwards and treated to a complimentary dessert for the mix up.	6
our waiter forgot a dish and we were constantly checked on afterwards and treated to a complimentary dessert for the mix up.	1
our waiter forgot a dish and we were constantly checked on afterwards and treated to a complimentary dessert for the mix up.	22
The staff had apparently booked the room for 2 groups with a 30 minute overlap.	6
The staff had apparently booked the room for 2 groups with a 30 minute overlap.	19
The staff had apparently booked the room for 2 groups with a 30 minute overlap.	22
And price is over value for two persons dinner $ 90.	9
And price is over value for two persons dinner $ 90.	1
The owners are incredibly nice too, comping pitchers of margaritas if you sit there and eat for a couple of hours.	8
The owners are incredibly nice too, comping pitchers of margaritas if you sit there and eat for a couple of hours.	1
The atmosphere would have been almost perfect if it werent for the fact that we were seat right naext to the noisy kitchen but I guess the speedy service comes with a price.	18
The atmosphere would have been almost perfect if it werent for the fact that we were seat right naext to the noisy kitchen but I guess the speedy service comes with a price.	5
After my friend and I were seated, we were greeted by a gorgeous waitress, who helped us make our way through the large selection of choices on the menu.	8
After my friend and I were seated, we were greeted by a gorgeous waitress, who helped us make our way through the large selection of choices on the menu.	16
Our waiter was completely unfamiliar with the menu and did not bother to tell us that they were out of several items (even though we arrived at 7 pm on a Saturday night!)	6
Our waiter was completely unfamiliar with the menu and did not bother to tell us that they were out of several items (even though we arrived at 7 pm on a Saturday night!)	16
Food was at best, mediocre and when the bill finally came they had nerve to add on 20% gratuity even though there was nothing stated on the menu or anywhere that gratuity was included for a party of 5 (usually a party of 6 is gratuity inclusive).	10
Food was at best, mediocre and when the bill finally came they had nerve to add on 20% gratuity even though there was nothing stated on the menu or anywhere that gratuity was included for a party of 5 (usually a party of 6 is gratuity inclusive).	16
Food was at best, mediocre and when the bill finally came they had nerve to add on 20% gratuity even though there was nothing stated on the menu or anywhere that gratuity was included for a party of 5 (usually a party of 6 is gratuity inclusive).	0
The service is sweet and attentive, the wine is delicious and the new wine bar around the corner has the most amazing selection, as well as cheeses and tapas.	5
The service is sweet and attentive, the wine is delicious and the new wine bar around the corner has the most amazing selection, as well as cheeses and tapas.	19
The service is sweet and attentive, the wine is delicious and the new wine bar around the corner has the most amazing selection, as well as cheeses and tapas.	23
The service is sweet and attentive, the wine is delicious and the new wine bar around the corner has the most amazing selection, as well as cheeses and tapas.	2
The Food The Portuguese knack for exploration couldn't be more apparent on the expansive menu, which moves beyond classics like bacalhau to encompass a world of former colonies along with the motherland.	17
The Food The Portuguese knack for exploration couldn't be more apparent on the expansive menu, which moves beyond classics like bacalhau to encompass a world of former colonies along with the motherland.	22
And when I received my $9 glass of wine, I had to ask the waitress if she planned on putting more in -- there was hardly any liquid in the glass!	1
And when I received my $9 glass of wine, I had to ask the waitress if she planned on putting more in -- there was hardly any liquid in the glass!	6
We were seated next to some obnoxious women who bogarted the server's time and attention, so he bought us drinks.	6
We were seated next to some obnoxious women who bogarted the server's time and attention, so he bought us drinks.	1
From chicken wings and smoked beef brisket to pulled pork and Texas links, the menu features many barbecue favorites.	2
From chicken wings and smoked beef brisket to pulled pork and Texas links, the menu features many barbecue favorites.	16
The Food The menu seems quirky, but upon a closer look ingredients are familiar and made into appealing combinations, with influences from Maine to the Mediterranean.	2
The Food The menu seems quirky, but upon a closer look ingredients are familiar and made into appealing combinations, with influences from Maine to the Mediterranean.	17
The Food The menu seems quirky, but upon a closer look ingredients are familiar and made into appealing combinations, with influences from Maine to the Mediterranean.	13
While admitably, the seating is a bit cramped, and the menu a tad pricey, the staff does its best to remedy concerns.	18
While admitably, the seating is a bit cramped, and the menu a tad pricey, the staff does its best to remedy concerns.	8
I couple of weeks ago we went to Supper in the east village and it was so bad that we got up and left and the only way to save the evening of horrible food was to go to Blue Ribbon Bakery and have at least one thing off the menu.	0
I couple of weeks ago we went to Supper in the east village and it was so bad that we got up and left and the only way to save the evening of horrible food was to go to Blue Ribbon Bakery and have at least one thing off the menu.	16
employees not fighting with each other in front of clients 3 having ALL the ingredients for the meals they have on there menue.	6
employees not fighting with each other in front of clients 3 having ALL the ingredients for the meals they have on there menue.	13
A hard-drinking, upscale crowd, holding conversations over loud Latin jazz music, packs the small, open dining room and attached bar.	12
A hard-drinking, upscale crowd, holding conversations over loud Latin jazz music, packs the small, open dining room and attached bar.	19
The decor reminds me of Miami nightclubs, and we sat in a cool communal strip, where you share your table with people.	14
The decor reminds me of Miami nightclubs, and we sat in a cool communal strip, where you share your table with people.	22
Beautifull people, and a dj that was making me just want to stay and drink more!	8
Beautifull people, and a dj that was making me just want to stay and drink more!	1
Good place for groups of four or large parties but it is not a cozy/intimate setting for 2 although the jazz helps!	20
Good place for groups of four or large parties but it is not a cozy/intimate setting for 2 although the jazz helps!	12
We got seated right away, We got a nice starter from the kitchen, unfortunately the waiter that brought it could not explain what it was, it was delicious though.	2
We got seated right away, We got a nice starter from the kitchen, unfortunately the waiter that brought it could not explain what it was, it was delicious though.	19
We got seated right away, We got a nice starter from the kitchen, unfortunately the waiter that brought it could not explain what it was, it was delicious though.	6
Her attitude put a damper on the evening, as did the stares from some servers when we took a peek into the cheese cellar.	6
Her attitude put a damper on the evening, as did the stares from some servers when we took a peek into the cheese cellar.	1
After a short 30 minutes of chatting and enjoying our drinks we were approached by the very pretentious Maitre D' who RUDELY demanded we order as our table was needed.	6
After a short 30 minutes of chatting and enjoying our drinks we were approached by the very pretentious Maitre D' who RUDELY demanded we order as our table was needed.	22
We had to ask the busboy if bread came with our meal, which it did and we received after waiting about 30 minutes.	7
We had to ask the busboy if bread came with our meal, which it did and we received after waiting about 30 minutes.	1
We had to ask the busboy if bread came with our meal, which it did and we received after waiting about 30 minutes.	3
Yet the maitre d still sat us next to the bar.	6
Yet the maitre d still sat us next to the bar.	19
We arrived, were greeeted and sked by the hostess I think if we were there for the Brunch, that was starting up again on today(3/12) the cost $25 per person.	8
We arrived, were greeeted and sked by the hostess I think if we were there for the Brunch, that was starting up again on today(3/12) the cost $25 per person.	1
The menu includes the usual Chinese restaurant staples, but also includes a fairly diverse selection of other dishes not typically found in your average noodle house.	16
The menu includes the usual Chinese restaurant staples, but also includes a fairly diverse selection of other dishes not typically found in your average noodle house.	2
The menu includes the usual Chinese restaurant staples, but also includes a fairly diverse selection of other dishes not typically found in your average noodle house.	22
And once the bill was paid, the bartender kept on giving us drinks.	10
And once the bill was paid, the bartender kept on giving us drinks.	8
And once the bill was paid, the bartender kept on giving us drinks.	1
The bartender had offered us ONE beer on the house for our troubles.	8
The bartender had offered us ONE beer on the house for our troubles.	1
We had to request water and chips (tostades) and salsa three times (the third time my date had to go and track down the waitress) before finally being served (by the busser) and the place wasn't even a quarter full.	1
We had to request water and chips (tostades) and salsa three times (the third time my date had to go and track down the waitress) before finally being served (by the busser) and the place wasn't even a quarter full.	6
We had to request water and chips (tostades) and salsa three times (the third time my date had to go and track down the waitress) before finally being served (by the busser) and the place wasn't even a quarter full.	4
We had to request water and chips (tostades) and salsa three times (the third time my date had to go and track down the waitress) before finally being served (by the busser) and the place wasn't even a quarter full.	18
When we ordered our Margaritas, the waiter said $10, so we gave him a 20 and waited, and when he didn't give us our change, we asked and he said - Happy Hour's over, they're $10 each.	1
When we ordered our Margaritas, the waiter said $10, so we gave him a 20 and waited, and when he didn't give us our change, we asked and he said - Happy Hour's over, they're $10 each.	6
We objected at the ill flavor of the drinks and the manager was not understanding at all.	12
We objected at the ill flavor of the drinks and the manager was not understanding at all.	1
We objected at the ill flavor of the drinks and the manager was not understanding at all.	6
Great tasting meat, intimate if slightly noisy ambience and the service is slightly less attentive than it could be but is done with charm.	2
Great tasting meat, intimate if slightly noisy ambience and the service is slightly less attentive than it could be but is done with charm.	3
This pizza shop is one o fhte best places ever and is a hiden gem in a small community.	2
This pizza shop is one o fhte best places ever and is a hiden gem in a small community.	21
Tasting menu a mixed bag: lobster soup amuse with grapefruit intriguing, but marred by excess bitterness as prepared.	17
Tasting menu a mixed bag: lobster soup amuse with grapefruit intriguing, but marred by excess bitterness as prepared.	22
Tasting menu a mixed bag: lobster soup amuse with grapefruit intriguing, but marred by excess bitterness as prepared.	1
In addition, I've always found the waiters helpful with the wine selection, and there is always a good selection of wines by the glass.	8
In addition, I've always found the waiters helpful with the wine selection, and there is always a good selection of wines by the glass.	2
In addition, I've always found the waiters helpful with the wine selection, and there is always a good selection of wines by the glass.	22
I STRONGLY recommend to try something other than typical menu items and go for the short ribs over rice, black cod, sea bass, or duck (there are two dishes that are great).	16
I STRONGLY recommend to try something other than typical menu items and go for the short ribs over rice, black cod, sea bass, or duck (there are two dishes that are great).	2
Although the portions seemed a little diminutive at first, they turned out to be the perfect size once the dinner was over.	21
Although the portions seemed a little diminutive at first, they turned out to be the perfect size once the dinner was over.	1
The food was great but the music was loud and hip-hop and the wait was ridiculous and the prices were out of this world.	2
The food was great but the music was loud and hip-hop and the wait was ridiculous and the prices were out of this world.	3
Invited by friends to discuss business, I checked out the bar first, and didn't give my nme which was known to the owners Scott Heather.	19
Invited by friends to discuss business, I checked out the bar first, and didn't give my nme which was known to the owners Scott Heather.	6
There were a lot of scensters who couldnt afford dinner hanging in the waiting area so we got bumped around a lot.	0
There were a lot of scensters who couldnt afford dinner hanging in the waiting area so we got bumped around a lot.	19
I had high hopes for this high-ranked wonder, only to be let down by inattentive service doubled by LONG food and drink wait times.	1
I had high hopes for this high-ranked wonder, only to be let down by inattentive service doubled by LONG food and drink wait times.	3
In any case, the food was quite yummy and on monday nights, they have a prix fixe $25 dinner which is definitely a deal.	2
In any case, the food was quite yummy and on monday nights, they have a prix fixe $25 dinner which is definitely a deal.	10
The menu might have well been written in a foreign language and the wait staff didnt have a translation dictionary!	16
The menu might have well been written in a foreign language and the wait staff didnt have a translation dictionary!	6
The Food There's something for fish fans of every stripe on the lengthy menu.	2
The Food There's something for fish fans of every stripe on the lengthy menu.	16
At one point, we tried to get our waitresses attention and she ignored us and than we asked for more biscuits and never got them.	6
At one point, we tried to get our waitresses attention and she ignored us and than we asked for more biscuits and never got them.	1
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.	1
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.	6
Staff would not change a meal to accomadidate food allegeries.	6
Staff would not change a meal to accomadidate food allegeries.	1
The food will eventually make you outweigh Anna Nicole Smith.	1
The food will eventually make you outweigh Anna Nicole Smith.	21
The manager finally came by to apologize and offered to give us a greek salad on the house.	8
The manager finally came by to apologize and offered to give us a greek salad on the house.	1
Helpings are HUGE and most come with choice of rice and beans, or salad and plantains.	5
Helpings are HUGE and most come with choice of rice and beans, or salad and plantains.	1
Sometimes when I come home from work I stop at the bar to have a plate of oysters and something delicious for dinner.	19
Sometimes when I come home from work I stop at the bar to have a plate of oysters and something delicious for dinner.	2
The waiter was pretty anxious to get us in-and-out, although there were ample tables and my friend and I opted to sit at the bar.	6
The waiter was pretty anxious to get us in-and-out, although there were ample tables and my friend and I opted to sit at the bar.	19
The waitress waited until I went to the bathroom to ask my friend to order more food.	6
The waitress waited until I went to the bathroom to ask my friend to order more food.	1
I was NOT told this before when I made the reservation and explained to the manager RICHARD who has the poorest customer service ever and rude and said he didn't believe me.	22
I was NOT told this before when I made the reservation and explained to the manager RICHARD who has the poorest customer service ever and rude and said he didn't believe me.	6
I was NOT told this before when I made the reservation and explained to the manager RICHARD who has the poorest customer service ever and rude and said he didn't believe me.	3
The food is decent but small portions so expect to order a lot.	2
The food is decent but small portions so expect to order a lot.	21
Everything on the menu is worth trying at least once, from the calamari/zucchini appetizer, to the homemade cavatelli, to the rib eye steak (like butter!)	17
Everything on the menu is worth trying at least once, from the calamari/zucchini appetizer, to the homemade cavatelli, to the rib eye steak (like butter!)	1
For the high price you would pay (dinner for the two could run $80), you sure do get alot.	9
For the high price you would pay (dinner for the two could run $80), you sure do get alot.	1
This time, the service was decent and the food was mediocre at best.	5
This time, the service was decent and the food was mediocre at best.	0
The garden is lovely, too, but the staff seems a bit condescending.	20
The garden is lovely, too, but the staff seems a bit condescending.	6
The advertised unlimited mimosas and bloody marys is too good to be true until you realize that they keep down your drink count because the service is so slow.	2
The advertised unlimited mimosas and bloody marys is too good to be true until you realize that they keep down your drink count because the service is so slow.	3
I have seen the crowd go from ultra hip to BT and I still love it becuause of the food.	22
I have seen the crowd go from ultra hip to BT and I still love it becuause of the food.	2
finally, onto dessert, wherebv the waiter told us he would have to scrape the bottom to give us any ice cream.	1
finally, onto dessert, wherebv the waiter told us he would have to scrape the bottom to give us any ice cream.	6
Great place for either appetizers and drinks at the bar, a romantic dinner or late night partying.	2
Great place for either appetizers and drinks at the bar, a romantic dinner or late night partying.	19
Not ony did our waiter impose on the dessert we were trying to enjoy to take the money -- he didn't even ask us if we wanted change -- nor did he bring us back any!!!	6
Not ony did our waiter impose on the dessert we were trying to enjoy to take the money -- he didn't even ask us if we wanted change -- nor did he bring us back any!!!	1
Not ony did our waiter impose on the dessert we were trying to enjoy to take the money -- he didn't even ask us if we wanted change -- nor did he bring us back any!!!	10
The scene is a bit much some time, but the food is worth it.	21
The scene is a bit much some time, but the food is worth it.	2
18 has a cozy romantic atmosphere that's very comfortable to enjoy myself in; whether I want to have a drink at the bar or get together with a group of friends for dinner, suitable accomodations are available.	14
18 has a cozy romantic atmosphere that's very comfortable to enjoy myself in; whether I want to have a drink at the bar or get together with a group of friends for dinner, suitable accomodations are available.	19
As well, I haven't eaten animal products in over 6 years and the waiter was not sure which dishes had honey or casien in the food.	6
As well, I haven't eaten animal products in over 6 years and the waiter was not sure which dishes had honey or casien in the food.	1
Even with reservation, it might take up to one hour to get a table and the staff might not even say a word about it.	22
Even with reservation, it might take up to one hour to get a table and the staff might not even say a word about it.	6
When you crave comfort food, make a reservation and head to Piccolo Angolo, they never dissappoint.	2
When you crave comfort food, make a reservation and head to Piccolo Angolo, they never dissappoint.	22
My dinner partner ordered the angel hair with seafood - the portion was easily big enough for two.	1
My dinner partner ordered the angel hair with seafood - the portion was easily big enough for two.	23
We were however seated right away and was immediately told by our waiter that they were out of sparking mineral water.	6
We were however seated right away and was immediately told by our waiter that they were out of sparking mineral water.	1
The limited number of toppings prevented the sogginess described by other reviewers and allowed the intense flavors from the fresh ingredients; sauce, mozarella, basil and black olives to really shine through, without being watered down from too many extra toppings.	14
The limited number of toppings prevented the sogginess described by other reviewers and allowed the intense flavors from the fresh ingredients; sauce, mozarella, basil and black olives to really shine through, without being watered down from too many extra toppings.	1
We went on a Monday night around 6:30pm and were seated right away in the backroom, which is dimly-lit, casual, cozy--kind of felt like you were sitting in a spacious dining galley of a ship or a cabin.	4
We went on a Monday night around 6:30pm and were seated right away in the backroom, which is dimly-lit, casual, cozy--kind of felt like you were sitting in a spacious dining galley of a ship or a cabin.	2
All dishes are an incredible dining experience.	1
All dishes are an incredible dining experience.	23
The service can be lacking at times, but the desserts and overall experience certainly counter this flaw.	3
The service can be lacking at times, but the desserts and overall experience certainly counter this flaw.	2
The Scene Strictly Roots, which opened more than a decade ago as a dietary alternative to Harlem's more cholesterol- and fat-heavy fare, wears its philosophy on its facade: We serve nothing that crawls, walks, swims or flies.	22
The Scene Strictly Roots, which opened more than a decade ago as a dietary alternative to Harlem's more cholesterol- and fat-heavy fare, wears its philosophy on its facade: We serve nothing that crawls, walks, swims or flies.	9
ONE OF THE BEST PIZZA IN BROOKLYN , NEED AN AC FOR SUMMER.	2
ONE OF THE BEST PIZZA IN BROOKLYN , NEED AN AC FOR SUMMER.	22
As for the menu, I've never been disappointed, but the Margarita chicken salad is my favorite.	16
As for the menu, I've never been disappointed, but the Margarita chicken salad is my favorite.	2
At this level, I want my servers to know more than me about the food and I didn't get that sense.	6
At this level, I want my servers to know more than me about the food and I didn't get that sense.	1
Well i asked the server to describe a certain wine for me,he seemed like he knew what he was talking about,till i tasted it,it was totally the opposite of what he described.	6
Well i asked the server to describe a certain wine for me,he seemed like he knew what he was talking about,till i tasted it,it was totally the opposite of what he described.	1
The menu is limited: chicken, rice beans, frozen fish (shrimp, whiting, crab sticks), and french fries, but one receives EXCELLENT value for the money and it is SO WORTH walking down the block for.	15
The menu is limited: chicken, rice beans, frozen fish (shrimp, whiting, crab sticks), and french fries, but one receives EXCELLENT value for the money and it is SO WORTH walking down the block for.	1
The menu is limited: chicken, rice beans, frozen fish (shrimp, whiting, crab sticks), and french fries, but one receives EXCELLENT value for the money and it is SO WORTH walking down the block for.	23
The menu is limited: chicken, rice beans, frozen fish (shrimp, whiting, crab sticks), and french fries, but one receives EXCELLENT value for the money and it is SO WORTH walking down the block for.	10
As to the fact that everyone else's sushi looked better: the waitresses are not responsible for offering you what is CLEARLY written on the menu as Omakase - Chef's Choice.	2
As to the fact that everyone else's sushi looked better: the waitresses are not responsible for offering you what is CLEARLY written on the menu as Omakase - Chef's Choice.	6
As to the fact that everyone else's sushi looked better: the waitresses are not responsible for offering you what is CLEARLY written on the menu as Omakase - Chef's Choice.	16
Owner Mary Redding keeps things fish camp-y with rod-and-reel rental prices and a list of rules on the backs of the menus.	7
Owner Mary Redding keeps things fish camp-y with rod-and-reel rental prices and a list of rules on the backs of the menus.	1
Owner Mary Redding keeps things fish camp-y with rod-and-reel rental prices and a list of rules on the backs of the menus.	11
Owner Mary Redding keeps things fish camp-y with rod-and-reel rental prices and a list of rules on the backs of the menus.	16
The other steaks on the menu were $30-$40, so the waiter really should have told them the price of the special.	16
The other steaks on the menu were $30-$40, so the waiter really should have told them the price of the special.	6
The other steaks on the menu were $30-$40, so the waiter really should have told them the price of the special.	10
their Stella on tap was almost flat, i saw the bartender whisking our beers to give them any sort of head.	22
their Stella on tap was almost flat, i saw the bartender whisking our beers to give them any sort of head.	6
When I questioned the purpose of waiting on this line, I was asked to leave the bar.	4
When I questioned the purpose of waiting on this line, I was asked to leave the bar.	18
We waited forever for our bill but did have a nice conversation with one of our waitstaff during our meal.	9
We waited forever for our bill but did have a nice conversation with one of our waitstaff during our meal.	8
I managed to get the last reservation at 11:15pm during the week, and, upon entering the restaurant, my boyfriend and I were seated next to each other, hardly a romantic atmosphere!	22
I managed to get the last reservation at 11:15pm during the week, and, upon entering the restaurant, my boyfriend and I were seated next to each other, hardly a romantic atmosphere!	14
Do not use this place unless you want to waste your money on horrible stale cheese and food, service which takes your drinks away from the table once you've placed it on the table, waiters that eat your desert while its on the table, non working faucets in the bathroom, and overall very unporfessional service and food.	0
Do not use this place unless you want to waste your money on horrible stale cheese and food, service which takes your drinks away from the table once you've placed it on the table, waiters that eat your desert while its on the table, non working faucets in the bathroom, and overall very unporfessional service and food.	6
Do not use this place unless you want to waste your money on horrible stale cheese and food, service which takes your drinks away from the table once you've placed it on the table, waiters that eat your desert while its on the table, non working faucets in the bathroom, and overall very unporfessional service and food.	19
Then the food came- TINY portions and plates came out in 15 min intervals.	1
Then the food came- TINY portions and plates came out in 15 min intervals.	21
Later two waiters decided to bodyguard our table; when my fork hits the plate it's snatched away.	6
Later two waiters decided to bodyguard our table; when my fork hits the plate it's snatched away.	22
The dramatic space complements the food and will wow out-of-towners.	19
The dramatic space complements the food and will wow out-of-towners.	2
The ambiance is nice, but the wait staff was rude and unattentive.	14
The ambiance is nice, but the wait staff was rude and unattentive.	6
Management or one of the many busboys should have been monitoring the tables more closely to ensure consistency - we had to ask for olive oil for the flatbread, when it was on nearly every other table as well as salt and pepper.	6
Management or one of the many busboys should have been monitoring the tables more closely to ensure consistency - we had to ask for olive oil for the flatbread, when it was on nearly every other table as well as salt and pepper.	1
The waiter comes over and says You changed the salad and made us throw it out!	8
The waiter comes over and says You changed the salad and made us throw it out!	1
We were a party of four, and after a long wait, were seated in a freezing corner.	4
We were a party of four, and after a long wait, were seated in a freezing corner.	18
Husband and Wife owners are always pleasent and accomidating, food is top notch quality made with care, and now, recently renovated to accomidate more tables and a young fresh feel.	8
Husband and Wife owners are always pleasent and accomidating, food is top notch quality made with care, and now, recently renovated to accomidate more tables and a young fresh feel.	2
Husband and Wife owners are always pleasent and accomidating, food is top notch quality made with care, and now, recently renovated to accomidate more tables and a young fresh feel.	19
They overfill the reservation sheet so that the check is dropped off nearly with your food and they are rushing you out of your booth before you are finished.	22
They overfill the reservation sheet so that the check is dropped off nearly with your food and they are rushing you out of your booth before you are finished.	1
They overfill the reservation sheet so that the check is dropped off nearly with your food and they are rushing you out of your booth before you are finished.	18
The waitress came to our table once for our order, but then we were tended to by who I thought was the hostess.	6
The waitress came to our table once for our order, but then we were tended to by who I thought was the hostess.	22
It took 1 1/4 hours to get our appetizers (how long does salad take) and when we complained to the manager, he barely listened.	1
It took 1 1/4 hours to get our appetizers (how long does salad take) and when we complained to the manager, he barely listened.	6
For such an expensive place, you can find much, much better in Manhattan; heck, you can find much better food for a lot cheaper!	18
For such an expensive place, you can find much, much better in Manhattan; heck, you can find much better food for a lot cheaper!	2
Went there for a dinner; nice little place.	1
Went there for a dinner; nice little place.	20
the peanut sauce came in a tiny plastic cup smaller than a shot glass.	0
the peanut sauce came in a tiny plastic cup smaller than a shot glass.	22
Service was friendly, but not terribly attentive, took 30 minutes after dinner to clear our plates, and another 20 to get our check.	5
Service was friendly, but not terribly attentive, took 30 minutes after dinner to clear our plates, and another 20 to get our check.	1
Service was friendly, but not terribly attentive, took 30 minutes after dinner to clear our plates, and another 20 to get our check.	22
Try Le Madeleine for a similar price but much better food.	10
Try Le Madeleine for a similar price but much better food.	2
Our server, Ben, was perhaps the best waiter I've ever had--he walked us through the menu to design our meal, and suggested what textures, tastes, and wines would complement each other.	8
Our server, Ben, was perhaps the best waiter I've ever had--he walked us through the menu to design our meal, and suggested what textures, tastes, and wines would complement each other.	16
There is almost always an hour wait at dinner time, but this may be the best Japanese Sushi restaurant in NYC.	1
There is almost always an hour wait at dinner time, but this may be the best Japanese Sushi restaurant in NYC.	23
The service was okay, fast seating (for two), looked like a group nearby had been there a long time.	20
The service was okay, fast seating (for two), looked like a group nearby had been there a long time.	21
Nothing wrong with the service, either, but don't we all want something more from a dining experience than just average for above-average prices?	5
Nothing wrong with the service, either, but don't we all want something more from a dining experience than just average for above-average prices?	9
Our bill total was only $30 and our waiter threw in a side of linguini (no charge) since the entrees don't come with pasta sides.	10
Our bill total was only $30 and our waiter threw in a side of linguini (no charge) since the entrees don't come with pasta sides.	6
Our bill total was only $30 and our waiter threw in a side of linguini (no charge) since the entrees don't come with pasta sides.	0
If you like a cleaner (more generic) flavor then other places may provide the norm.	14
If you like a cleaner (more generic) flavor then other places may provide the norm.	22
But on a recent Sunday brunch excursion, I was greeted by a uniformly unfriendly staff - starting with the hostess and extending to foul faced wait staff.	1
But on a recent Sunday brunch excursion, I was greeted by a uniformly unfriendly staff - starting with the hostess and extending to foul faced wait staff.	6
For far better fish at the same price (but less interesting roll combinations), try Yama, just around the corner.	2
For far better fish at the same price (but less interesting roll combinations), try Yama, just around the corner.	10
For the most part I enjoyed my dining experience at Revival (not to be confused with the bar on 15th).	23
For the most part I enjoyed my dining experience at Revival (not to be confused with the bar on 15th).	19
Martinis from the bar are mixed at the size of 1 1/2 drinks, and the wait staff leaves the whole glass there, returning to pour you your remaining drink as your glass empties.	1
Martinis from the bar are mixed at the size of 1 1/2 drinks, and the wait staff leaves the whole glass there, returning to pour you your remaining drink as your glass empties.	19
Martinis from the bar are mixed at the size of 1 1/2 drinks, and the wait staff leaves the whole glass there, returning to pour you your remaining drink as your glass empties.	6
Martinis from the bar are mixed at the size of 1 1/2 drinks, and the wait staff leaves the whole glass there, returning to pour you your remaining drink as your glass empties.	22
The Food The menu lists affordable soul food and barbecue favorites.	16
The Food The menu lists affordable soul food and barbecue favorites.	2
It's unfortunate because the food is generally pretty good, although the waitstaff did try to convince us once that the flan they gave us was really creme brulee.	2
It's unfortunate because the food is generally pretty good, although the waitstaff did try to convince us once that the flan they gave us was really creme brulee.	6
We organized a party at this bar and have gotten very poor service.	19
We organized a party at this bar and have gotten very poor service.	3
After taking unusually long to bring the wine, the waiter could not open the bottle and had to get a different one.	6
After taking unusually long to bring the wine, the waiter could not open the bottle and had to get a different one.	22
Mushroom appetizer was doused in a gross mayonnaise like sauce and had not been described that way on the menu.	0
Mushroom appetizer was doused in a gross mayonnaise like sauce and had not been described that way on the menu.	16
Always try one of the daily specials, in addition to all the tasty morsels on the menu.	2
Always try one of the daily specials, in addition to all the tasty morsels on the menu.	16
When his to sons joined the mix they took Dads quest for the best food another step adding slowly to the menu a host of items that reflect the demigraphic of this still growing nabe.	22
When his to sons joined the mix they took Dads quest for the best food another step adding slowly to the menu a host of items that reflect the demigraphic of this still growing nabe.	2
When his to sons joined the mix they took Dads quest for the best food another step adding slowly to the menu a host of items that reflect the demigraphic of this still growing nabe.	16
We waited to be seated for about 15-20 minutes for brunch, while it was quite obvious that there were plenty of empty tables right in front of us.	1
We waited to be seated for about 15-20 minutes for brunch, while it was quite obvious that there were plenty of empty tables right in front of us.	18
When I asked the waitress, she told me they couldn't afford the salmon, and had changed the dish (though not on the menu).	7
When I asked the waitress, she told me they couldn't afford the salmon, and had changed the dish (though not on the menu).	0
The Scene Hunky waiters dub diners darling and it sounds like they mean it.	22
The Scene Hunky waiters dub diners darling and it sounds like they mean it.	6
The Scene Hunky waiters dub diners darling and it sounds like they mean it.	10
Waited 8 minutes for them to set up the table, another 10 to take our orders and 1 hr plus later for the waitress to say the food is coming in 2 minutes.	6
Waited 8 minutes for them to set up the table, another 10 to take our orders and 1 hr plus later for the waitress to say the food is coming in 2 minutes.	1
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.	23
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.	1
The staff treated me as if I were a celebrity, which I am not and they did not make me feel uncomfortable as a single diner.	6
The staff treated me as if I were a celebrity, which I am not and they did not make me feel uncomfortable as a single diner.	19
My friend and I went out for a cigarette, and when we returned, our table had been given to another party- even though our drinks and unpaid bill were still on the table.	1
My friend and I went out for a cigarette, and when we returned, our table had been given to another party- even though our drinks and unpaid bill were still on the table.	9
MY FATHER ASKED FOR A MARTINI MADE A CERTAIN WAY THE WAITER HAD NO CLUE WHAT HE WAS TALKING ABOUT.	1
MY FATHER ASKED FOR A MARTINI MADE A CERTAIN WAY THE WAITER HAD NO CLUE WHAT HE WAS TALKING ABOUT.	6
What does it say about an establishment and its chef when its policy forces the Price Fixed, Chefs Choice Menu on every party six or greater?	9
What does it say about an establishment and its chef when its policy forces the Price Fixed, Chefs Choice Menu on every party six or greater?	7
What does it say about an establishment and its chef when its policy forces the Price Fixed, Chefs Choice Menu on every party six or greater?	16
I usually run the other way when I hear of an Italian restaurant with huge portions, because it's usually a lot of mediocre food.	23
I usually run the other way when I hear of an Italian restaurant with huge portions, because it's usually a lot of mediocre food.	0
I had a 9pm reservation and wound up sitting down closer to 10, but the bar was entertaining enough for the almost-an-hour wait (excellent martinis).	19
I had a 9pm reservation and wound up sitting down closer to 10, but the bar was entertaining enough for the almost-an-hour wait (excellent martinis).	2
After taking our orders, another person came to the table to announce the special dishes which the waiter forgot prompting 2 in our party to cancel the original orders in favor of the specials.	1
After taking our orders, another person came to the table to announce the special dishes which the waiter forgot prompting 2 in our party to cancel the original orders in favor of the specials.	6
I had reservations for a week but was seated at the worst table in the room,against a wall near the entrance to the kitchen,very claustaphobic.	22
I had reservations for a week but was seated at the worst table in the room,against a wall near the entrance to the kitchen,very claustaphobic.	0
even if you have to wait for a spot at the bar to wait for your table, the music and design of the space create an ambiance that is simultaneously chic and comfortable - something extraordinarily difficult to find in this city.	22
even if you have to wait for a spot at the bar to wait for your table, the music and design of the space create an ambiance that is simultaneously chic and comfortable - something extraordinarily difficult to find in this city.	20
even if you have to wait for a spot at the bar to wait for your table, the music and design of the space create an ambiance that is simultaneously chic and comfortable - something extraordinarily difficult to find in this city.	14
In Short Despite the tacky Hellenic decor, replete with faux columns and signs of the zodiac carved into plaster walls, this Greek restaurant and bar bursts with authenticity when it comes to menu and atmosphere.	14
In Short Despite the tacky Hellenic decor, replete with faux columns and signs of the zodiac carved into plaster walls, this Greek restaurant and bar bursts with authenticity when it comes to menu and atmosphere.	19
The table next to us had hummus which looked delicious, so we really should have stuck to appetizers and wine.	23
The table next to us had hummus which looked delicious, so we really should have stuck to appetizers and wine.	1
When we mentioned it to the waiter, he shrugged and asked what we expected from a glass wine.	6
When we mentioned it to the waiter, he shrugged and asked what we expected from a glass wine.	1
Then we were seated at a large booth and it took the waiter 20 minutes to come back and take our order but I sort of expected that with a new restaurant.	20
Then we were seated at a large booth and it took the waiter 20 minutes to come back and take our order but I sort of expected that with a new restaurant.	6
The food was not terrible but with the prices as high as they are, I should expect better.	2
The food was not terrible but with the prices as high as they are, I should expect better.	9
I had dinner with my friend, and regardless of our $100 check, I overheard the waiter say that we had been there too long.	1
I had dinner with my friend, and regardless of our $100 check, I overheard the waiter say that we had been there too long.	6
I had my brand new $15 lip gloss on the table and the waiter threw it away.	22
I had my brand new $15 lip gloss on the table and the waiter threw it away.	6
One gentleman ignored us most of the time and would plunk the coffee down and spill it on the table without saying a word.	6
One gentleman ignored us most of the time and would plunk the coffee down and spill it on the table without saying a word.	1
I walk in ask to take a look a the menu and was greeted by the a nasty not so passive aggressive hostess.	16
I walk in ask to take a look a the menu and was greeted by the a nasty not so passive aggressive hostess.	6
Plenty of tables avail for no reservation in bar areain case you want to go on an expensive date for not so great food.	20
Plenty of tables avail for no reservation in bar areain case you want to go on an expensive date for not so great food.	0
07 menu was a deal to try this hip tribeca restaurant but the wrong dessert was sent to the table.	0
07 menu was a deal to try this hip tribeca restaurant but the wrong dessert was sent to the table.	22
The ambience and service here are great but the food was really awful.	5
The ambience and service here are great but the food was really awful.	0
My water was filled like eight times, good, fast service.	1
My water was filled like eight times, good, fast service.	5
My husband doesn't like vegetables and made a point to ask the waiter if he could have a side of pasta instead.	0
My husband doesn't like vegetables and made a point to ask the waiter if he could have a side of pasta instead.	7
On my first visit, I asked the waiter to please wrap my leftovers and was refused adamantly (he told he wasn't allowed to package the low-priced food).	6
On my first visit, I asked the waiter to please wrap my leftovers and was refused adamantly (he told he wasn't allowed to package the low-priced food).	2
I honestly do not understand how anyone can not love this place, unless they don't like real pizza.	20
I honestly do not understand how anyone can not love this place, unless they don't like real pizza.	0
We had the 5 course tasting menu and had the waiter select a perfect bottle of wine to go with our selections.	7
We had the 5 course tasting menu and had the waiter select a perfect bottle of wine to go with our selections.	2
Huge selection of farm roasted coffee served with a smile, absolutely no attitude, and accompanied with the best pastries in Manhattan.	2
Huge selection of farm roasted coffee served with a smile, absolutely no attitude, and accompanied with the best pastries in Manhattan.	3
When my (pregnant) friend asked about a non-alcoholic version of a drink, the answer was simply no, with no further suggestions.	1
When my (pregnant) friend asked about a non-alcoholic version of a drink, the answer was simply no, with no further suggestions.	21
The $5 menu does have smaller portions, and I found the ravioli dish to be not too much better than a can of Chef Boyardee.	16
The $5 menu does have smaller portions, and I found the ravioli dish to be not too much better than a can of Chef Boyardee.	21
The $5 menu does have smaller portions, and I found the ravioli dish to be not too much better than a can of Chef Boyardee.	0
I went to the Hudson bar with my boyfriend and the guy at the front door was extremely rude.	19
I went to the Hudson bar with my boyfriend and the guy at the front door was extremely rude.	6
In Short A dark, narrow takeout area gives way to small tables in a cozy space decorated to resemble a Bedouin tent.	0
In Short A dark, narrow takeout area gives way to small tables in a cozy space decorated to resemble a Bedouin tent.	20
Since the menu is not organized in the way to describe the size of each dish, and there is no omakase nor a course, waiter's recommendation may be crucial to decide what to order, but he just recommended what he likes without considering appropriate amount for one person, and even served shellfish to whom who had mentioned she is allergic to shellfish!	16
Since the menu is not organized in the way to describe the size of each dish, and there is no omakase nor a course, waiter's recommendation may be crucial to decide what to order, but he just recommended what he likes without considering appropriate amount for one person, and even served shellfish to whom who had mentioned she is allergic to shellfish!	6
A reservation did not save us from a wait at the bar, but the food was worth it; a grilled calamari appetizier with mushrooms was delicious as was a mixed seafood pasta main course.	22
A reservation did not save us from a wait at the bar, but the food was worth it; a grilled calamari appetizier with mushrooms was delicious as was a mixed seafood pasta main course.	19
A reservation did not save us from a wait at the bar, but the food was worth it; a grilled calamari appetizier with mushrooms was delicious as was a mixed seafood pasta main course.	2
The bartender was skilled, the owners were very friendly, but the wait for my burrito was longer than I would have liked.	8
The bartender was skilled, the owners were very friendly, but the wait for my burrito was longer than I would have liked.	3
The bartender was skilled, the owners were very friendly, but the wait for my burrito was longer than I would have liked.	1
Their cappuccino's are served in a generous mug with a bit too much milk and too-sudsy foam.	5
Their cappuccino's are served in a generous mug with a bit too much milk and too-sudsy foam.	0
I go there to eat dinner, brunch, or to just drink and hang out at the bar with the friendly staff.	1
I go there to eat dinner, brunch, or to just drink and hang out at the bar with the friendly staff.	19
I go there to eat dinner, brunch, or to just drink and hang out at the bar with the friendly staff.	8
Went to dinner for a law firm recruiting event, and the service was abysmal.	1
Went to dinner for a law firm recruiting event, and the service was abysmal.	5
Showed up last Sunday night with girlfriends and no reservation, host was very helpful finding us a seats at bar after short wait.	8
Showed up last Sunday night with girlfriends and no reservation, host was very helpful finding us a seats at bar after short wait.	19
Showed up last Sunday night with girlfriends and no reservation, host was very helpful finding us a seats at bar after short wait.	5
Food - mostly steak and fish - is decent, but the portions are obscene - filet mignon and salmon were HUGE, but they don't come with any side dishes - you have to order and pay extra for them which is inconvenient and expensive.	2
Food - mostly steak and fish - is decent, but the portions are obscene - filet mignon and salmon were HUGE, but they don't come with any side dishes - you have to order and pay extra for them which is inconvenient and expensive.	21
Justin our waiter, explained to us that the menu changes daily, more of a reason to return.	6
Justin our waiter, explained to us that the menu changes daily, more of a reason to return.	16
So when i walked in i was just blown away by the lighting, flowers, wood and iron work, a reservationist, and a full bar.	14
So when i walked in i was just blown away by the lighting, flowers, wood and iron work, a reservationist, and a full bar.	19
My entree was just some noodles in a butter sauce with no texture or color, except for a little bit of spinach which was more like a garnish.	1
My entree was just some noodles in a butter sauce with no texture or color, except for a little bit of spinach which was more like a garnish.	21
Unfortunately, our waiter set quite a different tone; he disappeared until the end of our meal, when we had to beg for coffees and desserts.	6
Unfortunately, our waiter set quite a different tone; he disappeared until the end of our meal, when we had to beg for coffees and desserts.	1
After two terrific meals in the dining room, we opted to sit at the bar on our third visit.	2
After two terrific meals in the dining room, we opted to sit at the bar on our third visit.	19
Decor is simple yet functional and although the staff are not the most attentive in the world, you don't feel rushed and the food is good, hot with decent portion sizes and a good selection to suit most tastes.	14
Decor is simple yet functional and although the staff are not the most attentive in the world, you don't feel rushed and the food is good, hot with decent portion sizes and a good selection to suit most tastes.	6
Decor is simple yet functional and although the staff are not the most attentive in the world, you don't feel rushed and the food is good, hot with decent portion sizes and a good selection to suit most tastes.	2
Decor is simple yet functional and although the staff are not the most attentive in the world, you don't feel rushed and the food is good, hot with decent portion sizes and a good selection to suit most tastes.	23
The best thing though was when they messed up the fish order they not only gave us each a free glass of wine, but they took that fish order off our bill!!!	2
The best thing though was when they messed up the fish order they not only gave us each a free glass of wine, but they took that fish order off our bill!!!	10
This place is decent if you want to hang out with friends (who don't mind paying up) in a low-key atmosphere with good food, but don't mind putting up with sub-par level of service.	14
This place is decent if you want to hang out with friends (who don't mind paying up) in a low-key atmosphere with good food, but don't mind putting up with sub-par level of service.	3
The third time, after, an hour and a half of waiting, my friend went up to the host to check the status.	3
The third time, after, an hour and a half of waiting, my friend went up to the host to check the status.	7
Frustrated, hand the check back to the server and said 'by the way, never got the dessert and he said i did not realize you wanted dessert'	10
Frustrated, hand the check back to the server and said 'by the way, never got the dessert and he said i did not realize you wanted dessert'	6
We started at the bar with a round of mojitos, which were amazing, and went to our reserved table.	19
We started at the bar with a round of mojitos, which were amazing, and went to our reserved table.	2
While the food was good, service tried way too hard.	2
While the food was good, service tried way too hard.	3
Though the wait may be long because they only have 16 tables it is worth it, and it seems to go by fast after a drink or two at the bar.	3
Though the wait may be long because they only have 16 tables it is worth it, and it seems to go by fast after a drink or two at the bar.	19
Though the wait may be long because they only have 16 tables it is worth it, and it seems to go by fast after a drink or two at the bar.	1
we had to wait at the bar for a table, but the atmosphere is bustling and is well worth it.	19
we had to wait at the bar for a table, but the atmosphere is bustling and is well worth it.	14
When the waitress brought the check after an hour, she finally noticed that I had been sitting without food and offered to get it for me.	6
When the waitress brought the check after an hour, she finally noticed that I had been sitting without food and offered to get it for me.	1
I'd like to try their brunch - the menu looks good.	1
I'd like to try their brunch - the menu looks good.	17
Choppy service with a bit of attitude thrown in -when we asked for the restaurant week prix fix menus the aiter made a face.	3
Choppy service with a bit of attitude thrown in -when we asked for the restaurant week prix fix menus the aiter made a face.	16
I KEPT WAITING FOR THE FLAVORS IN THIS RICH LOOKING SAUCE TO TAKE OVER, BUT THEY DID NOT, THE SCALLOP WAS A LITTLE RUBBERY.	13
I KEPT WAITING FOR THE FLAVORS IN THIS RICH LOOKING SAUCE TO TAKE OVER, BUT THEY DID NOT, THE SCALLOP WAS A LITTLE RUBBERY.	2
And I pretty much had to tell the waiter that when dinner is late, you usually comp your guests something.	6
And I pretty much had to tell the waiter that when dinner is late, you usually comp your guests something.	1
When we requested a table our bar tab was quickly transferred and the LOVELY hostess sat us at a table of our choice - we chose the corner.	8
When we requested a table our bar tab was quickly transferred and the LOVELY hostess sat us at a table of our choice - we chose the corner.	19
Mixed drinks were Casino Quality we weren't sure if the sides on our tables were left from the previous diners, but when our steaks (Only one choice on the menu) arrived.	0
Mixed drinks were Casino Quality we weren't sure if the sides on our tables were left from the previous diners, but when our steaks (Only one choice on the menu) arrived.	22
Mixed drinks were Casino Quality we weren't sure if the sides on our tables were left from the previous diners, but when our steaks (Only one choice on the menu) arrived.	19
Mixed drinks were Casino Quality we weren't sure if the sides on our tables were left from the previous diners, but when our steaks (Only one choice on the menu) arrived.	9
My g/f and I walked in one night, the owner greeted us at the door and took our coats, sat us in the back room (non-smoking at the time).	8
My g/f and I walked in one night, the owner greeted us at the door and took our coats, sat us in the back room (non-smoking at the time).	19
But what would have been a pleasant experience was spoiled by the attitude and actions of the wait staff and the management.	4
But what would have been a pleasant experience was spoiled by the attitude and actions of the wait staff and the management.	8
All in all, I would not recommend for the food or drinks but I guess I can't expect better for the prices.	0
All in all, I would not recommend for the food or drinks but I guess I can't expect better for the prices.	10
They didn't have any salad and the waiter didn't tell us this very smoothly.	1
They didn't have any salad and the waiter didn't tell us this very smoothly.	6
Everything that we tasted on the menu was great, particularly the shrimp tapas (if you don't order it yourself, the waiter will surely recommend it).	16
Everything that we tasted on the menu was great, particularly the shrimp tapas (if you don't order it yourself, the waiter will surely recommend it).	2
Everything that we tasted on the menu was great, particularly the shrimp tapas (if you don't order it yourself, the waiter will surely recommend it).	8
Not very crowded, the wait staff seemed to be in full force except when you needed their attention for something like water or tea.	6
Not very crowded, the wait staff seemed to be in full force except when you needed their attention for something like water or tea.	1
Karl the Bar Manager makes yummy special drinks for each season be sure to check out what's on his drink menu when you stop in.	7
Karl the Bar Manager makes yummy special drinks for each season be sure to check out what's on his drink menu when you stop in.	2
Karl the Bar Manager makes yummy special drinks for each season be sure to check out what's on his drink menu when you stop in.	16
Although there was a 30 min wait I didn't mind because I was able to sit at the bar and have some drinks while talking to the beautiful, charming hostess there.	19
Although there was a 30 min wait I didn't mind because I was able to sit at the bar and have some drinks while talking to the beautiful, charming hostess there.	1
Although there was a 30 min wait I didn't mind because I was able to sit at the bar and have some drinks while talking to the beautiful, charming hostess there.	8
All the food was carefully prepared and the presentation was a cut above.	2
All the food was carefully prepared and the presentation was a cut above.	22
The food was good but it will not make up for the negligent, rude, condescending and hostile service with the full support of their management we received.	2
The food was good but it will not make up for the negligent, rude, condescending and hostile service with the full support of their management we received.	3
Two minutes later, the waitress said we NEED the table, you can not have the appetizer that you ordered.	6
Two minutes later, the waitress said we NEED the table, you can not have the appetizer that you ordered.	1
If you're going with a date to a lounge on that street, stop there for a drink and a quick appetizer first.	19
If you're going with a date to a lounge on that street, stop there for a drink and a quick appetizer first.	2
Went with a girlfriend, waited for over an hour while we had drinks, food was ok, service was terrible.	1
Went with a girlfriend, waited for over an hour while we had drinks, food was ok, service was terrible.	3
The best thing on the menu was probably the creamed spinach side and that's saying alot for a steakhouse.	16
The best thing on the menu was probably the creamed spinach side and that's saying alot for a steakhouse.	2
My party of 8 had a seafood feast sampling Sammy's menu and we couldn't believe how great the food was.	2
My party of 8 had a seafood feast sampling Sammy's menu and we couldn't believe how great the food was.	16
The menu is divided up into several sections, and most of the dishes are smallish plates, like tapas.	1
The menu is divided up into several sections, and most of the dishes are smallish plates, like tapas.	23
From having an appetizer, a glass of wine and reading a magazine to sitting by a table to work on my grades, to meeting other fellow teachers for a book club to partying with the owners all my experiences at Futura have always been extremely postive!	1
From having an appetizer, a glass of wine and reading a magazine to sitting by a table to work on my grades, to meeting other fellow teachers for a book club to partying with the owners all my experiences at Futura have always been extremely postive!	22
From having an appetizer, a glass of wine and reading a magazine to sitting by a table to work on my grades, to meeting other fellow teachers for a book club to partying with the owners all my experiences at Futura have always been extremely postive!	8
The Scene With its yellow slat walls, nautical art and well-worn oak bar, this onetime fishermen's lair is now a snug little neighbor to both South Street Seaport and the glass sequoias of nearby Wall Street.	22
The Scene With its yellow slat walls, nautical art and well-worn oak bar, this onetime fishermen's lair is now a snug little neighbor to both South Street Seaport and the glass sequoias of nearby Wall Street.	20
Our waitress was so helpful with the wine list.	8
Our waitress was so helpful with the wine list.	1
After a 21/2 hour lunch in which our displeasure was apparent, we didn't receive an apology or an explanation from the waiter or manager.	1
After a 21/2 hour lunch in which our displeasure was apparent, we didn't receive an apology or an explanation from the waiter or manager.	6
A hour passed until the waitress came over to give us menus and tell us she would be right back another hour later After trying to order fish she informed us that all fish entrees on the menu was sold out We took a minute to make a second choice and tried to order something else that we were told was also sold out.	6
A hour passed until the waitress came over to give us menus and tell us she would be right back another hour later After trying to order fish she informed us that all fish entrees on the menu was sold out We took a minute to make a second choice and tried to order something else that we were told was also sold out.	16
A hour passed until the waitress came over to give us menus and tell us she would be right back another hour later After trying to order fish she informed us that all fish entrees on the menu was sold out We took a minute to make a second choice and tried to order something else that we were told was also sold out.	1
One hour into our dinner, we were told by the hostess that we needed to hurry up and finish so that they could accommodate the next party's reservation.	1
One hour into our dinner, we were told by the hostess that we needed to hurry up and finish so that they could accommodate the next party's reservation.	6
One hour into our dinner, we were told by the hostess that we needed to hurry up and finish so that they could accommodate the next party's reservation.	22
We got so frustrated with our waitress, who stopped by twice over the course of 2 1/2 hours, that we had to order everything from the bar.	6
We got so frustrated with our waitress, who stopped by twice over the course of 2 1/2 hours, that we had to order everything from the bar.	19
true I had to wait longer for my table, but the ambience and the food definitely made up for it.	22
true I had to wait longer for my table, but the ambience and the food definitely made up for it.	14
true I had to wait longer for my table, but the ambience and the food definitely made up for it.	2
The service and surroundings couldn't have been better, but the food was very disapointing at best.	20
The service and surroundings couldn't have been better, but the food was very disapointing at best.	0
The New Prospect Cafe pretends to be fancy and the prices indicate fancy, but the food is mediocre at best and the service is terrible.	11
The New Prospect Cafe pretends to be fancy and the prices indicate fancy, but the food is mediocre at best and the service is terrible.	0
The New Prospect Cafe pretends to be fancy and the prices indicate fancy, but the food is mediocre at best and the service is terrible.	3
While I love this place, I do recommend going here mostly for lunch or an early dinner because the crowd and long wait can be annoying.	1
While I love this place, I do recommend going here mostly for lunch or an early dinner because the crowd and long wait can be annoying.	3
While I love this place, I do recommend going here mostly for lunch or an early dinner because the crowd and long wait can be annoying.	20
Decent value for decent chinese food for the area - obviously you can get cheaper down in chinatown.	23
Decent value for decent chinese food for the area - obviously you can get cheaper down in chinatown.	2
Decent value for decent chinese food for the area - obviously you can get cheaper down in chinatown.	19
The waiter seemed truly disinterested (he forgot to bring the bread basket and the wine was served after he delivered the entrees.	6
The waiter seemed truly disinterested (he forgot to bring the bread basket and the wine was served after he delivered the entrees.	1
The waiter seemed truly disinterested (he forgot to bring the bread basket and the wine was served after he delivered the entrees.	4
On your way out, pick up a bar of their Swiss chocolate.	19
On your way out, pick up a bar of their Swiss chocolate.	2
During the day, the sushi bar can be backed up a bit (thanks to their unbeatable lunch specials) so order early.	19
During the day, the sushi bar can be backed up a bit (thanks to their unbeatable lunch specials) so order early.	2
They have Boylan's root beer, coffee that's freshly ground that day, and a relaxed casual atmosphere with friendly waitresses.	1
They have Boylan's root beer, coffee that's freshly ground that day, and a relaxed casual atmosphere with friendly waitresses.	23
They have Boylan's root beer, coffee that's freshly ground that day, and a relaxed casual atmosphere with friendly waitresses.	14
They have Boylan's root beer, coffee that's freshly ground that day, and a relaxed casual atmosphere with friendly waitresses.	8
some old drunk guy who claims he is an American born in France seems to be a regular at the bar, he sat down next to us, listened to our whole conversation then started aggressing us verbally, and the waiter took the longest time to intervene.	19
some old drunk guy who claims he is an American born in France seems to be a regular at the bar, he sat down next to us, listened to our whole conversation then started aggressing us verbally, and the waiter took the longest time to intervene.	6
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	21
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	5
Bernard is a great host; it didn't bother me a bit that he recited the entire menu to my wife.	8
Bernard is a great host; it didn't bother me a bit that he recited the entire menu to my wife.	16
The menu could be a little bigger but my food as well as my boyfriend's was outstanding (and a lot less expensive than I expected).	16
The menu could be a little bigger but my food as well as my boyfriend's was outstanding (and a lot less expensive than I expected).	2
The fresh sliced mozzerella, the sweet roasted peppers, the hint of garlic and oil, are just some of the ingredients that produce the light otherworldly tasty pizza at Grimaldi's.	13
The fresh sliced mozzerella, the sweet roasted peppers, the hint of garlic and oil, are just some of the ingredients that produce the light otherworldly tasty pizza at Grimaldi's.	2
I was told they had one(early) reservation; felt deceived b/c when I left the place was empty!	22
I was told they had one(early) reservation; felt deceived b/c when I left the place was empty!	18
A collection of stormy sea paintings and two mermaid figureheads hoisting lights above the bar set a lulled maritime mood.	23
A collection of stormy sea paintings and two mermaid figureheads hoisting lights above the bar set a lulled maritime mood.	19
I was shocked by the amount of butter used in the pork and lamb dishes -- the smell of butter was literally wafting off the plate!	0
I was shocked by the amount of butter used in the pork and lamb dishes -- the smell of butter was literally wafting off the plate!	22
About the wait - be prepared to - it isn't just anyplace offering top notch cuisine for about $25 all in.	4
About the wait - be prepared to - it isn't just anyplace offering top notch cuisine for about $25 all in.	2
Great food, but tiny portions and inexcusable service - disorganized, amateurish and definitely overpriced by a long shot.	2
Great food, but tiny portions and inexcusable service - disorganized, amateurish and definitely overpriced by a long shot.	21
Great food, but tiny portions and inexcusable service - disorganized, amateurish and definitely overpriced by a long shot.	3
while I think the menu could use better appetizers all of the main courses are DELICIOUS- also the service is so much better than the ratings.	16
while I think the menu could use better appetizers all of the main courses are DELICIOUS- also the service is so much better than the ratings.	1
while I think the menu could use better appetizers all of the main courses are DELICIOUS- also the service is so much better than the ratings.	23
Minutes turned into an hour-long wait with non-existent standing room.	4
Minutes turned into an hour-long wait with non-existent standing room.	22
Minutes turned into an hour-long wait with non-existent standing room.	18
Our waitress hardly spoken English - and not because she spoke French - and she spilled wine all over me and didn't try to make any amends.	6
Our waitress hardly spoken English - and not because she spoke French - and she spilled wine all over me and didn't try to make any amends.	1
Decor is sort of homey, with mismatched tables and plates.	14
Decor is sort of homey, with mismatched tables and plates.	18
But wait, it gets even better, the mussels were so fishy that I had the server try one since he had a hard time believing that this was true.	4
But wait, it gets even better, the mussels were so fishy that I had the server try one since he had a hard time believing that this was true.	2
But wait, it gets even better, the mussels were so fishy that I had the server try one since he had a hard time believing that this was true.	6
The menu: HOT DOGS, that's it, nothing else.	15
The menu: HOT DOGS, that's it, nothing else.	1
The staff was gracious enough to keep her arrival a secret by letting us wait at the bar and holding our table for us until she and our father arrived 45 minutes late (delayed flight).	8
The staff was gracious enough to keep her arrival a secret by letting us wait at the bar and holding our table for us until she and our father arrived 45 minutes late (delayed flight).	19
The fish of the day can be prepared five different ways according to the menu, but fails to mention that those five different ways are just five different sauces that come out with the whole, deep fried fish.	16
The fish of the day can be prepared five different ways according to the menu, but fails to mention that those five different ways are just five different sauces that come out with the whole, deep fried fish.	2
Well, its bar is beginning to attract the high-heeled Forever 21 ladies and hair-gelled men-who-love-them crowd (alas) and yet I must admit-- the food is damn good.	19
Well, its bar is beginning to attract the high-heeled Forever 21 ladies and hair-gelled men-who-love-them crowd (alas) and yet I must admit-- the food is damn good.	2
Seated just after 2; I commend them 'cause they were the only decent brunch spot that would take our reservation, and they did their best to seat us promptly.	20
Seated just after 2; I commend them 'cause they were the only decent brunch spot that would take our reservation, and they did their best to seat us promptly.	22
After being seated the waiter was prompt with coffee and taking my order.	8
After being seated the waiter was prompt with coffee and taking my order.	1
Once the manager loudly referred to the customers patiently waiting at the all-you-can-eat buffet line as 'hungry animals attacking for food'	6
Once the manager loudly referred to the customers patiently waiting at the all-you-can-eat buffet line as 'hungry animals attacking for food'	4
Once the manager loudly referred to the customers patiently waiting at the all-you-can-eat buffet line as 'hungry animals attacking for food'	1
Okay, so the bathroom is a little scary and the milieu brings to mind an old diner or cafeteria, but simply put, the food here is the best.	18
Okay, so the bathroom is a little scary and the milieu brings to mind an old diner or cafeteria, but simply put, the food here is the best.	2
Overall, the quality of the food won us over, but if there's one thing the management needs to work on, it's service.	6
Overall, the quality of the food won us over, but if there's one thing the management needs to work on, it's service.	4
It was a crowded Wednesday night but we were seated near the kitchen right away, talked to all of the staff who were friendly and made the evening special for my date and I.	8
It was a crowded Wednesday night but we were seated near the kitchen right away, talked to all of the staff who were friendly and made the evening special for my date and I.	1
Now admittedly I went at lunch, when presumably the kitchen and waitstaff are less taxed than at dinner, but everything was fine.	19
Now admittedly I went at lunch, when presumably the kitchen and waitstaff are less taxed than at dinner, but everything was fine.	6
Now admittedly I went at lunch, when presumably the kitchen and waitstaff are less taxed than at dinner, but everything was fine.	1
My wife and I, from Houston, and another couple from Conneticut were visiting Manhattan for the weekend and I chose Shula's for dinner because I had heard that it was a good steak house.	1
My wife and I, from Houston, and another couple from Conneticut were visiting Manhattan for the weekend and I chose Shula's for dinner because I had heard that it was a good steak house.	20
The food is delish, you just have to know the manners to consume, if you don't want to be frustrated with the service.	2
The food is delish, you just have to know the manners to consume, if you don't want to be frustrated with the service.	3
ten minutes after we ordered the waitress came to our table and told us we had ordered complicated entrees and we would be waiting for 45 minutes.	22
ten minutes after we ordered the waitress came to our table and told us we had ordered complicated entrees and we would be waiting for 45 minutes.	0
For example, the flavor in each dish didn't really stand out and the spanish rice seemed more like uncle ben's with peas and corn mixed in.	12
For example, the flavor in each dish didn't really stand out and the spanish rice seemed more like uncle ben's with peas and corn mixed in.	1
We were never offered dessert because our waiter spent about 20 minutes at the bar calculating the checks instead.	1
We were never offered dessert because our waiter spent about 20 minutes at the bar calculating the checks instead.	6
We were never offered dessert because our waiter spent about 20 minutes at the bar calculating the checks instead.	19
During dinner, we sat drinkless once again, as the server and owner never checked on us.	1
During dinner, we sat drinkless once again, as the server and owner never checked on us.	6
We preferred to gaze at our burgers while avoiding having to look at the wait staff, but no complaints.	1
We preferred to gaze at our burgers while avoiding having to look at the wait staff, but no complaints.	6
If you're dining solo, you will feel completely at ease in the cozy environs; in fact, you're likely to see at least one other solo diner hunched over a book, sipping a glass of Chianti.	1
If you're dining solo, you will feel completely at ease in the cozy environs; in fact, you're likely to see at least one other solo diner hunched over a book, sipping a glass of Chianti.	14
If you're dining solo, you will feel completely at ease in the cozy environs; in fact, you're likely to see at least one other solo diner hunched over a book, sipping a glass of Chianti.	19
After I inquired why the food was taking so long, the waitress told us that the 2 dishes we ordered take a long time.	1
After I inquired why the food was taking so long, the waitress told us that the 2 dishes we ordered take a long time.	7
After I inquired why the food was taking so long, the waitress told us that the 2 dishes we ordered take a long time.	21
Perfect place to bring a date before the theater, a mother/ grandmother/ or aunt for their birthday, or friend for lunch.	20
Perfect place to bring a date before the theater, a mother/ grandmother/ or aunt for their birthday, or friend for lunch.	1
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, but everything on it is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine and garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes; from a juicy croque monsieur and beyond.	0
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, but everything on it is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine and garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes; from a juicy croque monsieur and beyond.	15
The Food The French-Belgian menu is small, but everything on it is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer and bacon, creamy mushroom, or white wine and garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes; from a juicy croque monsieur and beyond.	23
Waitress forgot drinks, and watched us begin our dinner without even water, strange.	6
Waitress forgot drinks, and watched us begin our dinner without even water, strange.	1
Friendly service, and outdoor seating in the warm months, eases the crush.	5
Friendly service, and outdoor seating in the warm months, eases the crush.	19
The Food At dinner, a nicely gamey chopped liver mousse, watercress salad with blue cheese and walnuts, and meat loaf with mashed potatoes stand out among the menu's bistro fare.	2
The Food At dinner, a nicely gamey chopped liver mousse, watercress salad with blue cheese and walnuts, and meat loaf with mashed potatoes stand out among the menu's bistro fare.	16
The Food At dinner, a nicely gamey chopped liver mousse, watercress salad with blue cheese and walnuts, and meat loaf with mashed potatoes stand out among the menu's bistro fare.	10
The Food An a la carte menu offers specialties like Kobe beef cooked on a hot rock, but the Kaiseki, a traditional multicourse tasting dinner served on gorgeous pottery and porcelain, promises dining adventure.	2
The Food An a la carte menu offers specialties like Kobe beef cooked on a hot rock, but the Kaiseki, a traditional multicourse tasting dinner served on gorgeous pottery and porcelain, promises dining adventure.	16
If the waitress had been remotely available or had come by to enquire about our food, I certainly would have sent it back, but since I was being taken out for a birthday dinner I did not want to make a fuss.	6
If the waitress had been remotely available or had come by to enquire about our food, I certainly would have sent it back, but since I was being taken out for a birthday dinner I did not want to make a fuss.	1
It's a place for the owner staff's friends, so if you're not one of them, you're in for a wait.	6
It's a place for the owner staff's friends, so if you're not one of them, you're in for a wait.	4
The loud belly dancer with her scarf dragging across my food and table, almost knocked over my water glass.	0
The loud belly dancer with her scarf dragging across my food and table, almost knocked over my water glass.	22
I'll second the recommedation for the Purity--which has much faster, better service at half the price and a whole lot more selection.	23
I'll second the recommedation for the Purity--which has much faster, better service at half the price and a whole lot more selection.	10
No table space and one of the angry neighbors decided to take matters into his own hands by throwing a bucket of water out his window and onto the patrons waiting for their tables.	18
No table space and one of the angry neighbors decided to take matters into his own hands by throwing a bucket of water out his window and onto the patrons waiting for their tables.	1
No table space and one of the angry neighbors decided to take matters into his own hands by throwing a bucket of water out his window and onto the patrons waiting for their tables.	4
No table space and one of the angry neighbors decided to take matters into his own hands by throwing a bucket of water out his window and onto the patrons waiting for their tables.	22
I requested a Riesling and the waiter recommended staying with the Sencere which didn't come by the glass according to the menu but he provided it to us any ways.	6
I requested a Riesling and the waiter recommended staying with the Sencere which didn't come by the glass according to the menu but he provided it to us any ways.	22
I requested a Riesling and the waiter recommended staying with the Sencere which didn't come by the glass according to the menu but he provided it to us any ways.	16
The jukebox is always playing good tunes, and the patrons are never shy about getting up and dancing in the aisles, or even on the bar.	23
The jukebox is always playing good tunes, and the patrons are never shy about getting up and dancing in the aisles, or even on the bar.	2
The jukebox is always playing good tunes, and the patrons are never shy about getting up and dancing in the aisles, or even on the bar.	19
bartenders management and at first were a bit disappointed with food.	7
bartenders management and at first were a bit disappointed with food.	0
The waitress was unbelievably rude to my friend and myself when she realized that we were ordering appetizers as our entrees.	6
The waitress was unbelievably rude to my friend and myself when she realized that we were ordering appetizers as our entrees.	1
They have even just expanded to include lunch hours at very reasonable prices.	1
They have even just expanded to include lunch hours at very reasonable prices.	11
The place was jumping on a Mon nite, as was the bar, but with a nice mixed crowd.	19
The place was jumping on a Mon nite, as was the bar, but with a nice mixed crowd.	23
At one point my friend knocked over a glass and broke it to pieces, and the waitstaff was so forgiving of it.	22
At one point my friend knocked over a glass and broke it to pieces, and the waitstaff was so forgiving of it.	8
A sushi chef creating entrees of art that will have you talking as much as eating.	8
A sushi chef creating entrees of art that will have you talking as much as eating.	1
A sushi chef creating entrees of art that will have you talking as much as eating.	22
Intrigued by the ambience of the restaurant, some friends and I decided to have dinner at Paladar on Saturday night.	12
Intrigued by the ambience of the restaurant, some friends and I decided to have dinner at Paladar on Saturday night.	1
Mango ice cream or coffee-flavored gelatin finishes the flavorful journey.	1
Mango ice cream or coffee-flavored gelatin finishes the flavorful journey.	23
Service is coddling and correct and there's no sense of hurry, so diners linger over a cheese course or a round of liqueurs.	5
Service is coddling and correct and there's no sense of hurry, so diners linger over a cheese course or a round of liqueurs.	1
When there are ten open tables in a room, the hostess insisted on seating peopl on top of each other.	6
When there are ten open tables in a room, the hostess insisted on seating peopl on top of each other.	19
Never will you taste sicilian Pizza and Spumoni like LBs.	0
Never will you taste sicilian Pizza and Spumoni like LBs.	22
The bartendars are very friendly and at service with you.	8
The bartendars are very friendly and at service with you.	4
Patrons are a mix of pre-theater and local regulars whose relaxed laughter and gesturing conversations add much to the restaurant's flavor.	1
Patrons are a mix of pre-theater and local regulars whose relaxed laughter and gesturing conversations add much to the restaurant's flavor.	19
Patrons are a mix of pre-theater and local regulars whose relaxed laughter and gesturing conversations add much to the restaurant's flavor.	14
You might be lucky enough to hear your waiter say, May I take zee order from you, Pig Dog, while you're there.	6
You might be lucky enough to hear your waiter say, May I take zee order from you, Pig Dog, while you're there.	1
One waiter came by and literally threw the $36 salad on the table.	6
One waiter came by and literally threw the $36 salad on the table.	1
One waiter came by and literally threw the $36 salad on the table.	22
Asking for the menu is out of line and unusual where the staff is actually insulted if you choose not to rely on their expertise on average Chinese food selections.	16
Asking for the menu is out of line and unusual where the staff is actually insulted if you choose not to rely on their expertise on average Chinese food selections.	6
In a room decorated with beautiful Ottoman antiques and artwork you can pick exceptional mezzes (appetizers) from a selection presented by a super-friendly staff or order lip-smacking dishes (especially if you like lamb) from the menu.	8
In a room decorated with beautiful Ottoman antiques and artwork you can pick exceptional mezzes (appetizers) from a selection presented by a super-friendly staff or order lip-smacking dishes (especially if you like lamb) from the menu.	1
In a room decorated with beautiful Ottoman antiques and artwork you can pick exceptional mezzes (appetizers) from a selection presented by a super-friendly staff or order lip-smacking dishes (especially if you like lamb) from the menu.	16
Decent eggs (just about everything on the menu is coated in this amazing hollandaise).	2
Decent eggs (just about everything on the menu is coated in this amazing hollandaise).	16
Food was good, but for the price of a plate of pasta here, four raviolis doesn't cut it as an entre for a big guy.	2
Food was good, but for the price of a plate of pasta here, four raviolis doesn't cut it as an entre for a big guy.	22
Food was good, but for the price of a plate of pasta here, four raviolis doesn't cut it as an entre for a big guy.	7
Our dinner special included dessert, but our slow and unhelpful waitress didn't bother asking if we wanted any.	1
Our dinner special included dessert, but our slow and unhelpful waitress didn't bother asking if we wanted any.	6
Walked in on Chinese New Year Sunday late in the afternoon, around 5 or 6 -- seating was not a problem the dim sum was deliciously fresh -- very likely a by-product of their not using carts.	19
Walked in on Chinese New Year Sunday late in the afternoon, around 5 or 6 -- seating was not a problem the dim sum was deliciously fresh -- very likely a by-product of their not using carts.	21
the waiter was extremely helpful, basically we gave him carte blanche to order small plates for us that he thought we'd like.	1
the waiter was extremely helpful, basically we gave him carte blanche to order small plates for us that he thought we'd like.	22
the waiter was extremely helpful, basically we gave him carte blanche to order small plates for us that he thought we'd like.	8
Some of the waiters are lacking good communication skills, but that can be overlooked in light of the great food and prices.	6
Some of the waiters are lacking good communication skills, but that can be overlooked in light of the great food and prices.	2
This is the only place that has great cheesecake in the Tri State area and they are famous for it.	2
This is the only place that has great cheesecake in the Tri State area and they are famous for it.	19
The Scene The windowed bar and front waiting area seems bright and airy compared to the somewhat stuffy main room.	22
The Scene The windowed bar and front waiting area seems bright and airy compared to the somewhat stuffy main room.	20
The line moves quickly, perhaps because there are no alcoholic drinks, which cuts lingering at the tables to a minimum.	23
The line moves quickly, perhaps because there are no alcoholic drinks, which cuts lingering at the tables to a minimum.	1
The other food they serve is also very good, but the pizza keeps calling me back!	2
The other food they serve is also very good, but the pizza keeps calling me back!	4
The service was great -- my glass was refilled without having to ask, we were greeted by the manager that day to ask how our food was.	5
The service was great -- my glass was refilled without having to ask, we were greeted by the manager that day to ask how our food was.	8
The service was great -- my glass was refilled without having to ask, we were greeted by the manager that day to ask how our food was.	1
While the staff was kind and attentive, our waiter never once broke a smile, even when I told him it was my friend's birthday, although he did bring a dessert with a candle at the end of the meal.	8
While the staff was kind and attentive, our waiter never once broke a smile, even when I told him it was my friend's birthday, although he did bring a dessert with a candle at the end of the meal.	1
While the staff was kind and attentive, our waiter never once broke a smile, even when I told him it was my friend's birthday, although he did bring a dessert with a candle at the end of the meal.	13
We would rather pay more prices and expect the better food and service.	9
We would rather pay more prices and expect the better food and service.	2
I agree that the wait staff wasn't very friendly, but the service was adequate and our food arrived without too much of a wait.	6
I agree that the wait staff wasn't very friendly, but the service was adequate and our food arrived without too much of a wait.	5
I agree that the wait staff wasn't very friendly, but the service was adequate and our food arrived without too much of a wait.	2
Service was good, except for a very long gap between appetizers (which came out too quickly) and entree (whick took another 45 minutes to arrive).	5
Service was good, except for a very long gap between appetizers (which came out too quickly) and entree (whick took another 45 minutes to arrive).	1
I really like the decor and it made it feel like I was having drinks at a mansion.	14
I really like the decor and it made it feel like I was having drinks at a mansion.	1
No matter what, you should expect a wait, big deal, small price to pay for great food as far as I'm concerned.	4
No matter what, you should expect a wait, big deal, small price to pay for great food as far as I'm concerned.	2
After being seated at an outdoor table on a 45 degree tilt, the surly waitress gave us menus.	4
After being seated at an outdoor table on a 45 degree tilt, the surly waitress gave us menus.	19
After being seated at an outdoor table on a 45 degree tilt, the surly waitress gave us menus.	6
The service was only average - even with reservations we waited 40 minutes, and had to ask for our table, which had been ready, the hostess just never bothered to tell us.	3
The service was only average - even with reservations we waited 40 minutes, and had to ask for our table, which had been ready, the hostess just never bothered to tell us.	22
The service was only average - even with reservations we waited 40 minutes, and had to ask for our table, which had been ready, the hostess just never bothered to tell us.	6
our waitress couldn't explain or describe the specials to us, and a group of five people seemed to overwhelm her.	6
our waitress couldn't explain or describe the specials to us, and a group of five people seemed to overwhelm her.	1
I've sampled several other dim sum places here, and none feature the winning combination that Triple 8 offers: reasonable prices, large range of standard _and_ less common dim sum, little/no wait (not like the Mott St.	1
I've sampled several other dim sum places here, and none feature the winning combination that Triple 8 offers: reasonable prices, large range of standard _and_ less common dim sum, little/no wait (not like the Mott St.	11
I've sampled several other dim sum places here, and none feature the winning combination that Triple 8 offers: reasonable prices, large range of standard _and_ less common dim sum, little/no wait (not like the Mott St.	5
The spacious bar, with its own menu of small plates and a lengthy list of wines by the glass, is a boon to single diners.	16
The spacious bar, with its own menu of small plates and a lengthy list of wines by the glass, is a boon to single diners.	22
The spacious bar, with its own menu of small plates and a lengthy list of wines by the glass, is a boon to single diners.	2
The atmosphere is certainly unlike any other restaurant in all of Manhattan, but it is a pity that the food does not live up to the decor.	14
The atmosphere is certainly unlike any other restaurant in all of Manhattan, but it is a pity that the food does not live up to the decor.	0
The music is a mix of house radio as well as live band at the same time.	13
The music is a mix of house radio as well as live band at the same time.	8
The choices for vegetarians are extremely limited, unless one is content with side dishes.	21
The choices for vegetarians are extremely limited, unless one is content with side dishes.	2
Comfort is decidedly not a factor in the Arturo's experience--once patrons escape the bottleneck near the bar, they're shoehorned into a miniscule dining room.	12
Comfort is decidedly not a factor in the Arturo's experience--once patrons escape the bottleneck near the bar, they're shoehorned into a miniscule dining room.	19
For a normal dinner, I prefer a place that has a bit more room and that has a slightly more relaxed vibe.	1
For a normal dinner, I prefer a place that has a bit more room and that has a slightly more relaxed vibe.	14
The meal was improperly served.	1
The meal was improperly served.	3
The ambience is horrible but the food is incredible.	12
The ambience is horrible but the food is incredible.	2
People at the next table were complaining how horrible their house wine was.	22
People at the next table were complaining how horrible their house wine was.	0
The hostess was snooty since we did not have a reservation but the rest of the dining experience amply made up for it.	6
The hostess was snooty since we did not have a reservation but the rest of the dining experience amply made up for it.	1
Reserve a cozy window seat for more privacy, or hop onto a stool at the bar to dine solo.	23
Reserve a cozy window seat for more privacy, or hop onto a stool at the bar to dine solo.	19
It wasn't until we spoke with management that we were able to finish our meal and get out of the restaurant, but already one of our party had to leave early and the rest of us were late for our afternoon engagements.	6
It wasn't until we spoke with management that we were able to finish our meal and get out of the restaurant, but already one of our party had to leave early and the rest of us were late for our afternoon engagements.	1
It wasn't until we spoke with management that we were able to finish our meal and get out of the restaurant, but already one of our party had to leave early and the rest of us were late for our afternoon engagements.	22
The waitress let us taste three wines before deciding (we were only ordering glasses) and then we chose to eat at the bar (same menu) since it was so comfortable.	8
The waitress let us taste three wines before deciding (we were only ordering glasses) and then we chose to eat at the bar (same menu) since it was so comfortable.	20
The waitress let us taste three wines before deciding (we were only ordering glasses) and then we chose to eat at the bar (same menu) since it was so comfortable.	16
She asked for only a glass of water, and the waitress refused, to her face, twice.	1
She asked for only a glass of water, and the waitress refused, to her face, twice.	6
Nostalgic lodgey bric-a-brac adorns the livelier front dining room and bar, while the dim, non-smoking back room is decorated with stained glass and modern, Mission-style chairs.	19
Nostalgic lodgey bric-a-brac adorns the livelier front dining room and bar, while the dim, non-smoking back room is decorated with stained glass and modern, Mission-style chairs.	13
Nostalgic lodgey bric-a-brac adorns the livelier front dining room and bar, while the dim, non-smoking back room is decorated with stained glass and modern, Mission-style chairs.	23
To be fair, my husband's cheeseburger was quite good, but the waitress never apologized for the long wait or attempted to explain.	2
To be fair, my husband's cheeseburger was quite good, but the waitress never apologized for the long wait or attempted to explain.	6
though the portions were smaller than average, the flavor and sauces that accompany them (truffle honey, cherries and peaches in mustard sauce) were all really good.	21
though the portions were smaller than average, the flavor and sauces that accompany them (truffle honey, cherries and peaches in mustard sauce) were all really good.	2
The matre de ignored what I said about my girlfriend having to look for a waiter to refill her glass (twice), I mentioned about my rice, he said, You should have spoken up.	6
The matre de ignored what I said about my girlfriend having to look for a waiter to refill her glass (twice), I mentioned about my rice, he said, You should have spoken up.	1
I went with my sister and neither of us had wine so the final bill was a bit shocking.	1
I went with my sister and neither of us had wine so the final bill was a bit shocking.	9
Needless to say I will rather go spend $400 on dinner somewhere else wirh better service.	1
Needless to say I will rather go spend $400 on dinner somewhere else wirh better service.	5
i do agree with the comment about their waitstaff, they tend to make you feel like you have to rush through your meal.	6
i do agree with the comment about their waitstaff, they tend to make you feel like you have to rush through your meal.	1
The portions are not HUGE, but you are very full by the end of your meal.	21
The portions are not HUGE, but you are very full by the end of your meal.	1
While waiting we asked the bartender for at glass of red wine which he not only forgot to serve but when we asked him again 10min later he poured us white wine.	6
While waiting we asked the bartender for at glass of red wine which he not only forgot to serve but when we asked him again 10min later he poured us white wine.	1
I didn't know what to expect from Frankie and Johnnie's when I made the reservation after my friend told me it was the best steak he had had.	22
I didn't know what to expect from Frankie and Johnnie's when I made the reservation after my friend told me it was the best steak he had had.	2
The clean, sunny interior looks nothing like Jerry and the gang's dingy haunt, but it showcases fun ephemera like Seinfeld cast autographs and press clips on how the diner inspired the musical ode by Suzanne Vega.	20
The clean, sunny interior looks nothing like Jerry and the gang's dingy haunt, but it showcases fun ephemera like Seinfeld cast autographs and press clips on how the diner inspired the musical ode by Suzanne Vega.	1
Did not get to dessert as it took a while to get the server's attention and we had a show to get to.	1
Did not get to dessert as it took a while to get the server's attention and we had a show to get to.	6
The atmosphere was nice in the front room, but despite a reservation, we were relegated to the rear, where we were treated like stepchildren - we had to flag someone down to take our order, water with no ice, we had to ask for extras (as opposed to someone asking if we needed something else).	14
The atmosphere was nice in the front room, but despite a reservation, we were relegated to the rear, where we were treated like stepchildren - we had to flag someone down to take our order, water with no ice, we had to ask for extras (as opposed to someone asking if we needed something else).	22
We ordered off the restaurant week menu, which at other establishments means automatic second-rate service, but not here.	16
We ordered off the restaurant week menu, which at other establishments means automatic second-rate service, but not here.	3
While the food was good enough (if old-fashioned - my meal tasted like it was out of a fancy 1950s cookbook, all creamy and rich) the environment was sort of bizarre - rich tapestries, yucky corner-grocer roses on the tables, and a strange '80s mirrored wall, which we sat against at the back of the restaurant.	2
While the food was good enough (if old-fashioned - my meal tasted like it was out of a fancy 1950s cookbook, all creamy and rich) the environment was sort of bizarre - rich tapestries, yucky corner-grocer roses on the tables, and a strange '80s mirrored wall, which we sat against at the back of the restaurant.	14
While the food was good enough (if old-fashioned - my meal tasted like it was out of a fancy 1950s cookbook, all creamy and rich) the environment was sort of bizarre - rich tapestries, yucky corner-grocer roses on the tables, and a strange '80s mirrored wall, which we sat against at the back of the restaurant.	19
it took forever for the waiter to take my order as he was too busy chatting at the bar.	6
it took forever for the waiter to take my order as he was too busy chatting at the bar.	19
Waitress we had appered to be very impatient, didn't know the name of the fish in English, apptizer came when we were having entree and she made no apology.	6
Waitress we had appered to be very impatient, didn't know the name of the fish in English, apptizer came when we were having entree and she made no apology.	1
The hostess did not verify/review the menu prices with us nor did they inform us of the logistics of the brunch.	6
The hostess did not verify/review the menu prices with us nor did they inform us of the logistics of the brunch.	1
I waited 10 minutes to get change for a drink I ordered at the bar, my friend had one of her drinks dumped all over the floor by the same waitress above who took too long to get me my change, and it took forever for that much to happen.	19
I waited 10 minutes to get change for a drink I ordered at the bar, my friend had one of her drinks dumped all over the floor by the same waitress above who took too long to get me my change, and it took forever for that much to happen.	1
I waited 10 minutes to get change for a drink I ordered at the bar, my friend had one of her drinks dumped all over the floor by the same waitress above who took too long to get me my change, and it took forever for that much to happen.	6
The menu sounded good but the grilled eggplant roll was oversauced with a pile of mint, pork chop was leathery, and everything just tasted wrong.	16
The menu sounded good but the grilled eggplant roll was oversauced with a pile of mint, pork chop was leathery, and everything just tasted wrong.	0
The waiter could not have been more patient with us as we (okay, my wife) made her decision on appetizers.	8
The waiter could not have been more patient with us as we (okay, my wife) made her decision on appetizers.	1
We saw the waitress twice - once to tell us the night's specials and once to take our order.	6
We saw the waitress twice - once to tell us the night's specials and once to take our order.	1
i think that the second floor is better if you prefer a quieter environment for dinner.	14
i think that the second floor is better if you prefer a quieter environment for dinner.	1
Ate at the bar and started with an amazing bowl of french onion soup with 3 cheeses (3!)	19
Ate at the bar and started with an amazing bowl of french onion soup with 3 cheeses (3!)	2
Sometimes service was a bit slow, and we had to ask for salads, water, etc a couple of times, but this was all done with good humor and no resentment.	3
Sometimes service was a bit slow, and we had to ask for salads, water, etc a couple of times, but this was all done with good humor and no resentment.	1
But, quickly all would realize that most items on the menu are grease-laden, and the portions are so big that you'd get tired of the flavors before you finish half a plate.	16
But, quickly all would realize that most items on the menu are grease-laden, and the portions are so big that you'd get tired of the flavors before you finish half a plate.	23
But, quickly all would realize that most items on the menu are grease-laden, and the portions are so big that you'd get tired of the flavors before you finish half a plate.	12
The view is the reason to go to this restaurant, not the food nor the service.	23
The view is the reason to go to this restaurant, not the food nor the service.	0
The view is the reason to go to this restaurant, not the food nor the service.	3
My only gripe was that the food was all in big bins, but that's expected for a lunch rush hour type crowd.	1
My only gripe was that the food was all in big bins, but that's expected for a lunch rush hour type crowd.	21
one waiter couldn't remember what we had to drink and we were the only people in the place.	6
one waiter couldn't remember what we had to drink and we were the only people in the place.	1
Great wine list with an extra expensive selection for all you big spenders.	2
Great wine list with an extra expensive selection for all you big spenders.	21
After dinner and even a few times during the owner came upto us and asked us how we felt about the place and the food which doesn't happen often in Manhattan.	1
After dinner and even a few times during the owner came upto us and asked us how we felt about the place and the food which doesn't happen often in Manhattan.	8
I expected there to be more options for tapas the food was mediocre but the service was pretty good.	1
I expected there to be more options for tapas the food was mediocre but the service was pretty good.	5
Only con was the cost -- our dinner for two was $400!	9
Only con was the cost -- our dinner for two was $400!	1
On top of that, the portions were hearty enough that we barely had any appetite left for dessert.	23
On top of that, the portions were hearty enough that we barely had any appetite left for dessert.	1
Kids love the tabletop crayons and coloring books, but the real crowd-pleaser is raw pizza dough--lumps are available at the open kitchen window.	2
Kids love the tabletop crayons and coloring books, but the real crowd-pleaser is raw pizza dough--lumps are available at the open kitchen window.	19
To both our surprise, this inquiry was interpreted as a personal offense by the waiter who told my wife to leave the store if she didnt want the pastries.	6
To both our surprise, this inquiry was interpreted as a personal offense by the waiter who told my wife to leave the store if she didnt want the pastries.	1
Po has the best food in NY, if you don't mind a wait.	2
Po has the best food in NY, if you don't mind a wait.	4
The prices are up there without being over the top but the quality of the food commands it.	9
The prices are up there without being over the top but the quality of the food commands it.	2
We were a party of six and I had tried almost everything that was on the table, and had I been rich I would have hired the chef to cook only for me!	22
We were a party of six and I had tried almost everything that was on the table, and had I been rich I would have hired the chef to cook only for me!	8
The Scene  With flickering sconces and rough-hewn brick walls, Crispo may look like an elegantly restored Italian farmhouse, but frenzied servers, tight tables and wait-list hopefuls at the marble bar make it feel like a city-slick hotspot.	22
The Scene  With flickering sconces and rough-hewn brick walls, Crispo may look like an elegantly restored Italian farmhouse, but frenzied servers, tight tables and wait-list hopefuls at the marble bar make it feel like a city-slick hotspot.	6
The Scene  With flickering sconces and rough-hewn brick walls, Crispo may look like an elegantly restored Italian farmhouse, but frenzied servers, tight tables and wait-list hopefuls at the marble bar make it feel like a city-slick hotspot.	18
Their new style of all you can eat is: They bring barely enough food for the table, mostly just bread ,until you ask a waiter to bring some more.	1
Their new style of all you can eat is: They bring barely enough food for the table, mostly just bread ,until you ask a waiter to bring some more.	6
some sweaty so frazzled, when we returned both an app and entree, the manager didn't even come to speak to us.	1
some sweaty so frazzled, when we returned both an app and entree, the manager didn't even come to speak to us.	6
The waitress was friendly but did not know the menu and had to run to the kitchen after each question.	6
The waitress was friendly but did not know the menu and had to run to the kitchen after each question.	16
When we asked the waiter for water - he gave us dirty looks and it took at least 15 minutes to get it.	6
When we asked the waiter for water - he gave us dirty looks and it took at least 15 minutes to get it.	1
also you dont mind waiting because theres such a buzz around the bar it makes you feel like you are out for drinks.	5
also you dont mind waiting because theres such a buzz around the bar it makes you feel like you are out for drinks.	19
also you dont mind waiting because theres such a buzz around the bar it makes you feel like you are out for drinks.	1
On each table there's a variety of sauces and spices, which you're encouraged to add to your dish; by the end of the meal you mind up with something completely different in your bowl from you started, but it will still be so satisfying.	1
On each table there's a variety of sauces and spices, which you're encouraged to add to your dish; by the end of the meal you mind up with something completely different in your bowl from you started, but it will still be so satisfying.	23
The chef/owner is always walking around making sure everyone is having a good time.	7
The chef/owner is always walking around making sure everyone is having a good time.	23
Once the waitress cursed our table for not tipping enough after we had waited an hour to order and another half an hour just to get a drink, on top of this I had to find my own cutlery.	6
Once the waitress cursed our table for not tipping enough after we had waited an hour to order and another half an hour just to get a drink, on top of this I had to find my own cutlery.	22
Once the waitress cursed our table for not tipping enough after we had waited an hour to order and another half an hour just to get a drink, on top of this I had to find my own cutlery.	1
I had to physically get out of my seat and find the waitress twice just to ask for more water.	22
I had to physically get out of my seat and find the waitress twice just to ask for more water.	6
I had to physically get out of my seat and find the waitress twice just to ask for more water.	1
The Food The free chips-and-salsa may suggest casual Tex-Mex cooking, but this menu is a couple notches above.	1
The Food The free chips-and-salsa may suggest casual Tex-Mex cooking, but this menu is a couple notches above.	15
After a couple of drinks upstairs before our meal, we slipped downstairs to a nice corner table that offered plenty of privacy in this 'loud' place.	1
After a couple of drinks upstairs before our meal, we slipped downstairs to a nice corner table that offered plenty of privacy in this 'loud' place.	23
Chances are the garden out back is hopping, with happy Slopers sipping wines that start less than $20 per bottle and munching on more than a dozen kinds of pressed sandwiches.	2
Chances are the garden out back is hopping, with happy Slopers sipping wines that start less than $20 per bottle and munching on more than a dozen kinds of pressed sandwiches.	22
the waitress was slow and forgot our drinks about 3 times.	6
the waitress was slow and forgot our drinks about 3 times.	1
The other side of the menu offers chicken, veal, and seafood standards, including perfect saltimbocca and a huge, succulent veal chop.	16
The other side of the menu offers chicken, veal, and seafood standards, including perfect saltimbocca and a huge, succulent veal chop.	2
My steak looked worse than the grizzle and fat John Candy had to finish in the Great Outdoors and the service, while friendly, was incredibly slow even though we were one of only 4 other tables.	0
My steak looked worse than the grizzle and fat John Candy had to finish in the Great Outdoors and the service, while friendly, was incredibly slow even though we were one of only 4 other tables.	20
My steak looked worse than the grizzle and fat John Candy had to finish in the Great Outdoors and the service, while friendly, was incredibly slow even though we were one of only 4 other tables.	5
Of course we went there with a large party and had to wait a bit to get seated (even with reservations), but we had all our dishes served at the same time and promptly.	22
Of course we went there with a large party and had to wait a bit to get seated (even with reservations), but we had all our dishes served at the same time and promptly.	5
Denny's serves a better Grand Slam breakfast--and at a quarter of the price (I paid $21 w/o tip for b-fast--I went back a second time, because the restaurant was highly touted and I thought the first bad experience was a fluke.	2
Denny's serves a better Grand Slam breakfast--and at a quarter of the price (I paid $21 w/o tip for b-fast--I went back a second time, because the restaurant was highly touted and I thought the first bad experience was a fluke.	10
Jackson Diner was my first intro to true Indian food and its been 10yrs since and I cannot go one month without some of this unbelievable food.	19
Jackson Diner was my first intro to true Indian food and its been 10yrs since and I cannot go one month without some of this unbelievable food.	2
Only reason to go is Eben, the most solicitious bartender in NYC (now) with drink knowledge and ability to spare.	8
Only reason to go is Eben, the most solicitious bartender in NYC (now) with drink knowledge and ability to spare.	1
The problem was that we waited for a long time to get our waitress, we had to ask the bus boy for refills for drinks, and we waited for a long time to pay for our check.	6
The problem was that we waited for a long time to get our waitress, we had to ask the bus boy for refills for drinks, and we waited for a long time to pay for our check.	1
The waitress took about 20 minutes to bring us the menu.	6
The waitress took about 20 minutes to bring us the menu.	16
You cannot beat having the waiter spooning butter over your steak before you are served!!	8
You cannot beat having the waiter spooning butter over your steak before you are served!!	1
The bar's waitresses seem to have a sixth sense for when customers have reached the bottom of a drink or are scratching their forks against empty plates.	19
The bar's waitresses seem to have a sixth sense for when customers have reached the bottom of a drink or are scratching their forks against empty plates.	8
The bar's waitresses seem to have a sixth sense for when customers have reached the bottom of a drink or are scratching their forks against empty plates.	1
they didn't have to change anything about the menu except add a leg of chicken seperatley and the guy mumbled very rudely that I had already ordered and I should've decided earlier.	16
they didn't have to change anything about the menu except add a leg of chicken seperatley and the guy mumbled very rudely that I had already ordered and I should've decided earlier.	6
The staff were friendly, but the food just wasn't that great.	6
The staff were friendly, but the food just wasn't that great.	2
There are no vegetarian items on the menu, but when I requested that the chef make something meat-free for me, he came through with a dish just as delicious and pretty as those my friends were eating.	16
There are no vegetarian items on the menu, but when I requested that the chef make something meat-free for me, he came through with a dish just as delicious and pretty as those my friends were eating.	8
There are no vegetarian items on the menu, but when I requested that the chef make something meat-free for me, he came through with a dish just as delicious and pretty as those my friends were eating.	2
To be honest, it cost $95 for two adults and a kid (including only two beers for the adults), and the only things worth eating were the raw oysters, information about which the staff was not too sure.	1
To be honest, it cost $95 for two adults and a kid (including only two beers for the adults), and the only things worth eating were the raw oysters, information about which the staff was not too sure.	6
Our oh-so-chic waitress obstained from half the items on the menu (give me a break) so she couldn't make subjective recommendations.	6
Our oh-so-chic waitress obstained from half the items on the menu (give me a break) so she couldn't make subjective recommendations.	16
The place is small, the host was friendly and communicative -- we had to wait 45 minutes for a table but they don't take reservations and clearly it's a popular spot.	18
The place is small, the host was friendly and communicative -- we had to wait 45 minutes for a table but they don't take reservations and clearly it's a popular spot.	22
Upon his arrival the staff checked in his bags and put them in the storage room, but when my bf asked for a check-in ticket, the host refused to give one and threw the bags back at us.	6
Upon his arrival the staff checked in his bags and put them in the storage room, but when my bf asked for a check-in ticket, the host refused to give one and threw the bags back at us.	19
Little Italy-style hambone performances by the waiters (actually saying fugettaboutit 4 times during specials) was embarassing and did nothing to hide the fact of of being charged for 4 bottles of wine when we only ordered 3.	6
Little Italy-style hambone performances by the waiters (actually saying fugettaboutit 4 times during specials) was embarassing and did nothing to hide the fact of of being charged for 4 bottles of wine when we only ordered 3.	1
The best dish is not listed on their menu - it is a special - the flat pasta with truffle mushroom sauce.	2
The best dish is not listed on their menu - it is a special - the flat pasta with truffle mushroom sauce.	16
The waiter recommended I choose a bottle for the entire meal.	6
The waiter recommended I choose a bottle for the entire meal.	1
when our server accidentally spilled some wine at our table, he cleaned it up offered us another glass right away.	8
when our server accidentally spilled some wine at our table, he cleaned it up offered us another glass right away.	1
when our server accidentally spilled some wine at our table, he cleaned it up offered us another glass right away.	22
The waiter was knowledgable about the menu and spirits, and guided me to all the right items to order given my budget and occasion.	8
The waiter was knowledgable about the menu and spirits, and guided me to all the right items to order given my budget and occasion.	16
The small shrimp were dry and rubbery and when I sent the dish back to the kitchen, the waitress returned saying that they use 'frozen shrimp so that is wny they have that texture.	0
The small shrimp were dry and rubbery and when I sent the dish back to the kitchen, the waitress returned saying that they use 'frozen shrimp so that is wny they have that texture.	19
The small shrimp were dry and rubbery and when I sent the dish back to the kitchen, the waitress returned saying that they use 'frozen shrimp so that is wny they have that texture.	6
After the waiter finally took our order and gave us our food he never came back.	6
After the waiter finally took our order and gave us our food he never came back.	1
Even though we complained several times, they brought us the bill before dessert and the manager came to our table to mention he was closing the place for the night.	10
Even though we complained several times, they brought us the bill before dessert and the manager came to our table to mention he was closing the place for the night.	1
Even though we complained several times, they brought us the bill before dessert and the manager came to our table to mention he was closing the place for the night.	6
Even though we complained several times, they brought us the bill before dessert and the manager came to our table to mention he was closing the place for the night.	22
While getting a reservation upstairs can be a pain, stopping by on Saturday night for a dinner by the window is a fun way to experience Babbo without the long term planning.	22
While getting a reservation upstairs can be a pain, stopping by on Saturday night for a dinner by the window is a fun way to experience Babbo without the long term planning.	2
We went at 1 am, we got food, fast service and Excellent drinks.	1
We went at 1 am, we got food, fast service and Excellent drinks.	5
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.	4
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.	0
Service has improved drastically from the old days, you are now seated by a hostess instead of standing behind a nearby table waiting for them to finish.	5
Service has improved drastically from the old days, you are now seated by a hostess instead of standing behind a nearby table waiting for them to finish.	7
Paying that high price, I could have dined at other places with better food and service.	9
Paying that high price, I could have dined at other places with better food and service.	2
Upon explaining, the waiter confronted us as we left and spewed a stream of profanities at us as we walked out the door.	6
Upon explaining, the waiter confronted us as we left and spewed a stream of profanities at us as we walked out the door.	22
Everything from the salmon dip at the bar (while waiting for our table) to the dessert was perfect.	2
Everything from the salmon dip at the bar (while waiting for our table) to the dessert was perfect.	19
The dinner lasted about 3 hours, that waiter continued to refill our water even though we finished the whole meal(including desserts) an hour and half before.	1
The dinner lasted about 3 hours, that waiter continued to refill our water even though we finished the whole meal(including desserts) an hour and half before.	6
Setting aside the interminable wait for food, the cheese omelet opened up on the way from the kitchen to the table so that when it arrived, it looked like a large yellow pancake with a slab of uncooked cheese sitting in the middle.	3
Setting aside the interminable wait for food, the cheese omelet opened up on the way from the kitchen to the table so that when it arrived, it looked like a large yellow pancake with a slab of uncooked cheese sitting in the middle.	2
Setting aside the interminable wait for food, the cheese omelet opened up on the way from the kitchen to the table so that when it arrived, it looked like a large yellow pancake with a slab of uncooked cheese sitting in the middle.	22
the filet came out and was absolutely delicious, on a bed of julienned vegetables in a balsamic vinagarette sauce.	23
the filet came out and was absolutely delicious, on a bed of julienned vegetables in a balsamic vinagarette sauce.	1
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.	7
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.	14
There was live music at the bar, which made our wait for a table wonderful (we didn't have reservations).	14
There was live music at the bar, which made our wait for a table wonderful (we didn't have reservations).	19
We were not offered the dessert menu and that waiter was so rude!~ I was very offended after a good meal.	16
We were not offered the dessert menu and that waiter was so rude!~ I was very offended after a good meal.	6
I'm sorry, but the prices at Boi are outrageous for this type of cuisine.	9
I'm sorry, but the prices at Boi are outrageous for this type of cuisine.	1
After the appetizers, which were the only saving grace (BBQ chips, spinach, fried bread), the servers descending and without asking started taking our plates away.	1
After the appetizers, which were the only saving grace (BBQ chips, spinach, fried bread), the servers descending and without asking started taking our plates away.	6
There isn't a huge selection of food, but there's something on the menu for everyone to really enjoy.	0
There isn't a huge selection of food, but there's something on the menu for everyone to really enjoy.	16
The waitress gave us attitude because we orderred the price fix and not the regular menu.	6
The waitress gave us attitude because we orderred the price fix and not the regular menu.	10
The waitress gave us attitude because we orderred the price fix and not the regular menu.	16
The waiter made a huge production over what order he should deliver the food, as we all agreed the miso should be eaten with the sushi to aid digestion.	8
The waiter made a huge production over what order he should deliver the food, as we all agreed the miso should be eaten with the sushi to aid digestion.	1
Would go back when I was ordering off the regular menu and give the steak a try.	16
Would go back when I was ordering off the regular menu and give the steak a try.	2
Once we'd finished eating, it was another 15 minutes before we saw someone who would bring us the check - and after running my credit card, the waitress had the audacity to write cash only in the tip portion of the receipt!	10
Once we'd finished eating, it was another 15 minutes before we saw someone who would bring us the check - and after running my credit card, the waitress had the audacity to write cash only in the tip portion of the receipt!	6
The Scene You'll have to knock to enter this hidden dining room, a luxe windowless space featuring four wall-sized murals depicting famous landmarks throughout the seasons, as well as a handful of finery-laden tables.	22
The Scene You'll have to knock to enter this hidden dining room, a luxe windowless space featuring four wall-sized murals depicting famous landmarks throughout the seasons, as well as a handful of finery-laden tables.	20
If you consider throwing food at your when they remember good service, then go for it.	1
If you consider throwing food at your when they remember good service, then go for it.	5
While they adhere to a certain traditionality in serving their teas; eg: samovar for the russian, chinese tea sets for the green, the food labours under no such restrictions and there is nothing ordinary on the menu.	4
While they adhere to a certain traditionality in serving their teas; eg: samovar for the russian, chinese tea sets for the green, the food labours under no such restrictions and there is nothing ordinary on the menu.	1
While they adhere to a certain traditionality in serving their teas; eg: samovar for the russian, chinese tea sets for the green, the food labours under no such restrictions and there is nothing ordinary on the menu.	15
The worst service I have ever had - entered the restaurant and waited at the door for 5 minutes before deciding to push our way past the extremely small bar to find a waitress.	3
The worst service I have ever had - entered the restaurant and waited at the door for 5 minutes before deciding to push our way past the extremely small bar to find a waitress.	18
The worst service I have ever had - entered the restaurant and waited at the door for 5 minutes before deciding to push our way past the extremely small bar to find a waitress.	7
Hostess finally brought it, saying if we wanted dessert, we could move to another table.	6
Hostess finally brought it, saying if we wanted dessert, we could move to another table.	1
The owner promised my party a table and bottle service and took care of it immediately as we all arrived.	8
The owner promised my party a table and bottle service and took care of it immediately as we all arrived.	22
Ignoring the merits of the cuisine (which was par at best), I see no reason why one would pay Da Umberto prices for an okay meal and below average ambience.	10
Ignoring the merits of the cuisine (which was par at best), I see no reason why one would pay Da Umberto prices for an okay meal and below average ambience.	2
Though there are a handful of Japanese a la carte offerings on the menu, the prix fixe is most popular by far.	16
Though there are a handful of Japanese a la carte offerings on the menu, the prix fixe is most popular by far.	11
Get there before 7:30 for dinner or get ready for a really long wait - this place doesn't take reservations.	1
Get there before 7:30 for dinner or get ready for a really long wait - this place doesn't take reservations.	3
Our waiter was very prompt and friendly, but the worst part of the experience was actually after the meal when I was leaving.	8
Our waiter was very prompt and friendly, but the worst part of the experience was actually after the meal when I was leaving.	1
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person).	9
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person).	1
Went for restaurant week and surprisingly on the menu were entree options of Mahi, Mahi, Kobe Beef ribs, Salmon and some other things in very reasonable portions.	16
Went for restaurant week and surprisingly on the menu were entree options of Mahi, Mahi, Kobe Beef ribs, Salmon and some other things in very reasonable portions.	1
Went for restaurant week and surprisingly on the menu were entree options of Mahi, Mahi, Kobe Beef ribs, Salmon and some other things in very reasonable portions.	23
The waiter didn't go over the menu choices and at the end of the night we were so fed up we didn't even order dessert.	6
The waiter didn't go over the menu choices and at the end of the night we were so fed up we didn't even order dessert.	16
The waiter didn't go over the menu choices and at the end of the night we were so fed up we didn't even order dessert.	1
This place is good but food and service is presented for the masses, not much personalized service considering the price tag and that it is a  full-evening-out type of dinner place.	0
This place is good but food and service is presented for the masses, not much personalized service considering the price tag and that it is a  full-evening-out type of dinner place.	19
The menu reads well, and it sounds like the chef knows whats up.	16
The menu reads well, and it sounds like the chef knows whats up.	8
the tasty food keeps luring me back, but after placing an order with who i assume must be the same rude sunday manager i keep hearing about, i'm not sure i will again.	2
the tasty food keeps luring me back, but after placing an order with who i assume must be the same rude sunday manager i keep hearing about, i'm not sure i will again.	6
Portions were certainly substantial for lunch.	21
Portions were certainly substantial for lunch.	1
The waiters do not pay any attention to the customers, instead sit at the bar and watch TV.	6
The waiters do not pay any attention to the customers, instead sit at the bar and watch TV.	19
Not 5 minutes passed before the server actually tapped us on the shoulder and, I swear to god, ASKED US TO LEAVE because they had a reservation.	6
Not 5 minutes passed before the server actually tapped us on the shoulder and, I swear to god, ASKED US TO LEAVE because they had a reservation.	22
When we asked a waiter for an explanation of the long wait with some many empty tables he had no answer so we asked for the manager.	6
When we asked a waiter for an explanation of the long wait with some many empty tables he had no answer so we asked for the manager.	19
You can spend $25 per entree at a much fancier place.	1
You can spend $25 per entree at a much fancier place.	20
Space gets kind of crowded in there--because it's so popular--but it's worth the wait because the food is very good.	18
Space gets kind of crowded in there--because it's so popular--but it's worth the wait because the food is very good.	5
Space gets kind of crowded in there--because it's so popular--but it's worth the wait because the food is very good.	2
A few years ago I would have rated it much higher, but now - with other better choices such as Candle Cafe, Good Health Cafe and others, the dated menu, crowded atmosphere are spacey service is not the greatest choice.	16
A few years ago I would have rated it much higher, but now - with other better choices such as Candle Cafe, Good Health Cafe and others, the dated menu, crowded atmosphere are spacey service is not the greatest choice.	12
Grabbed a lunch here on a weekday and it was reasonably priced, well-portioned and generally well-prepared.	1
Grabbed a lunch here on a weekday and it was reasonably priced, well-portioned and generally well-prepared.	11
The Setting The exposed brick and tangerine walls, flickering candles and tiny bar cast a formal mood across this cozy Park Slope trattoria, but the high ceiling fans and two glass walls (left open in warm weather) add a casual breeziness.	13
The Setting The exposed brick and tangerine walls, flickering candles and tiny bar cast a formal mood across this cozy Park Slope trattoria, but the high ceiling fans and two glass walls (left open in warm weather) add a casual breeziness.	1
The Setting The exposed brick and tangerine walls, flickering candles and tiny bar cast a formal mood across this cozy Park Slope trattoria, but the high ceiling fans and two glass walls (left open in warm weather) add a casual breeziness.	20
The Setting The exposed brick and tangerine walls, flickering candles and tiny bar cast a formal mood across this cozy Park Slope trattoria, but the high ceiling fans and two glass walls (left open in warm weather) add a casual breeziness.	23
great food, even better price, they also have a dj spinning great music, definitely a must try.	2
great food, even better price, they also have a dj spinning great music, definitely a must try.	11
great food, even better price, they also have a dj spinning great music, definitely a must try.	7
great food, even better price, they also have a dj spinning great music, definitely a must try.	14
The waiters didn't clean it up until they brought our dessert.	6
The waiters didn't clean it up until they brought our dessert.	1
The wait staff is friendly and helpful and kudos to the sushi chef Hero who serves up great dishes on and off the menu and is always wearing a smile.	8
The wait staff is friendly and helpful and kudos to the sushi chef Hero who serves up great dishes on and off the menu and is always wearing a smile.	2
The wait staff is friendly and helpful and kudos to the sushi chef Hero who serves up great dishes on and off the menu and is always wearing a smile.	16
the most expensive dish on the menu was $14!!!	0
the most expensive dish on the menu was $14!!!	16
A very pretty setting to have a meal, but unfortunately the service and food don't match the atmosphere.	3
A very pretty setting to have a meal, but unfortunately the service and food don't match the atmosphere.	0
A very pretty setting to have a meal, but unfortunately the service and food don't match the atmosphere.	14
Although almost the entire back room had tables available, the owner made people wait to be seated while dragging waitresses around by the arm and loudly telling them they were doing things wrong.	19
Although almost the entire back room had tables available, the owner made people wait to be seated while dragging waitresses around by the arm and loudly telling them they were doing things wrong.	6
I visited the Park Slope location on Fifth Avenue, and was impressed with the menu, and that they offered chicken fried steak.	17
I visited the Park Slope location on Fifth Avenue, and was impressed with the menu, and that they offered chicken fried steak.	1
i had a horrible experience with a waiter while trying to have breakfast friday morning.	6
i had a horrible experience with a waiter while trying to have breakfast friday morning.	1
that the waiting is horrific but the food is great.	3
that the waiting is horrific but the food is great.	2
He hooted and hollered -- and told every staff person at the bar, not to serve us.	6
He hooted and hollered -- and told every staff person at the bar, not to serve us.	19
To finish, the cost of the dinner was over-priced.	9
To finish, the cost of the dinner was over-priced.	1
The caesar salad was a huge bowl of iceberg lettuce, a dressing that wasn't ceasar, 1 crouton and a few slices of thin chicken -- for $12.	2
The caesar salad was a huge bowl of iceberg lettuce, a dressing that wasn't ceasar, 1 crouton and a few slices of thin chicken -- for $12.	13
If you go for lunch as we did, get there when they open as seating is fairly limited.	1
If you go for lunch as we did, get there when they open as seating is fairly limited.	18
The service isn't spectacular and neither is the ambience, but on a lunch hour, all you're looking for is a satisfied stomach.	3
The service isn't spectacular and neither is the ambience, but on a lunch hour, all you're looking for is a satisfied stomach.	12
The service isn't spectacular and neither is the ambience, but on a lunch hour, all you're looking for is a satisfied stomach.	1
The problem is that if you want anything to continue the meal, if you need an extra minute to go over the menu, or if, horrors, you want the check, you might be in for a lengthy wait.	16
The problem is that if you want anything to continue the meal, if you need an extra minute to go over the menu, or if, horrors, you want the check, you might be in for a lengthy wait.	3
She also has to beg for water refills squeeze her smallish rear-end between crowded tables.	1
She also has to beg for water refills squeeze her smallish rear-end between crowded tables.	18
If you are expecting big portions, go find a Cheesecake Factory.	23
If you are expecting big portions, go find a Cheesecake Factory.	1
Pastas include shellfish-stocked linguine with tomato sauce, and an excellent homemade cheese ravioli--all are available in half portions.	2
Pastas include shellfish-stocked linguine with tomato sauce, and an excellent homemade cheese ravioli--all are available in half portions.	21
Good location, but tourist-y and poor quality food.	20
Good location, but tourist-y and poor quality food.	0
The menu does not have much and what we did have - original pizza with pepperoni and sausage was not so great.	16
The menu does not have much and what we did have - original pizza with pepperoni and sausage was not so great.	0
Their menu has just been updated featuring new rolls and more choices.	16
Their menu has just been updated featuring new rolls and more choices.	2
A popular diner in the Metro Tch Brooklyn area catering to local brooklyn ites or the wall street financial back office employees of Metrotech.	20
A popular diner in the Metro Tch Brooklyn area catering to local brooklyn ites or the wall street financial back office employees of Metrotech.	7
Although the pricing is on the more expensive side, this is a must try restaurant for its food.	9
Although the pricing is on the more expensive side, this is a must try restaurant for its food.	2
although the food was well-prepared, it was not worth the price, especially when it does not include dessert!	2
although the food was well-prepared, it was not worth the price, especially when it does not include dessert!	9
Watch out for the sesame noodles, though, and leave the complimentary pickled cabbage and carrots sitting on the table for the next customer to enjoy.	0
Watch out for the sesame noodles, though, and leave the complimentary pickled cabbage and carrots sitting on the table for the next customer to enjoy.	22
The menus took about 15 minutes to come, the menu were already set up for Valentines day the salad was good my dinner was a soup of about 2 or three shrimps, THAT'S IT!	16
The menus took about 15 minutes to come, the menu were already set up for Valentines day the salad was good my dinner was a soup of about 2 or three shrimps, THAT'S IT!	22
The menus took about 15 minutes to come, the menu were already set up for Valentines day the salad was good my dinner was a soup of about 2 or three shrimps, THAT'S IT!	2
Menu had several fish selections (snapper, salmon, cod) but all were around $30 despite the fact that the portions would hardly fill a child's belly and the sides were 3 pieces of lettuce (literally).	16
Menu had several fish selections (snapper, salmon, cod) but all were around $30 despite the fact that the portions would hardly fill a child's belly and the sides were 3 pieces of lettuce (literally).	0
Menu had several fish selections (snapper, salmon, cod) but all were around $30 despite the fact that the portions would hardly fill a child's belly and the sides were 3 pieces of lettuce (literally).	21
The service can be a bit spotty since they are sometimes busy taking phone orders to attend to the restaurant patrons so make sure you have a lot of time to spare when you go there for dinner.	3
The service can be a bit spotty since they are sometimes busy taking phone orders to attend to the restaurant patrons so make sure you have a lot of time to spare when you go there for dinner.	1
I find the attitude of the managers to be appallingly superior, and the food below average, at sky-high prices.	5
I find the attitude of the managers to be appallingly superior, and the food below average, at sky-high prices.	8
I find the attitude of the managers to be appallingly superior, and the food below average, at sky-high prices.	0
mistake on the check, overly salty morels stuffed with foie gras) but overall, Daniel's dishes are revelations in taste.	10
mistake on the check, overly salty morels stuffed with foie gras) but overall, Daniel's dishes are revelations in taste.	2
Particularly good is the chicken verde burrito with a refreshingly spicy salsa that avoids the heat overkill.	2
Particularly good is the chicken verde burrito with a refreshingly spicy salsa that avoids the heat overkill.	21
The food was pretty good but the portions were smaller than what I would expect for brunch.	2
The food was pretty good but the portions were smaller than what I would expect for brunch.	21
While there's a strong Asian influence behind many of the plates, you can't pigeonhole the food into a single genre, as there are Thai, Chinese, Japanese, Italian and American dishes incorporated into this creative menu.	22
While there's a strong Asian influence behind many of the plates, you can't pigeonhole the food into a single genre, as there are Thai, Chinese, Japanese, Italian and American dishes incorporated into this creative menu.	1
While there's a strong Asian influence behind many of the plates, you can't pigeonhole the food into a single genre, as there are Thai, Chinese, Japanese, Italian and American dishes incorporated into this creative menu.	17
The mussels and fries at this place were amazing!	2
The mussels and fries at this place were amazing!	19
I politely told our waitress about this and she was not only apologetic, but the manager came over a minute later and apologized and bought myself and my guest another round of drinks.	6
I politely told our waitress about this and she was not only apologetic, but the manager came over a minute later and apologized and bought myself and my guest another round of drinks.	1
The hostess SLOWLY walked by our table scribbing something on paper.	6
The hostess SLOWLY walked by our table scribbing something on paper.	22
Everything that could go wrong did starting with the set menu that I was not informed of at the time of the reservation, to trying to seat us 45 minutes late at a table that was not made up.	16
Everything that could go wrong did starting with the set menu that I was not informed of at the time of the reservation, to trying to seat us 45 minutes late at a table that was not made up.	21
Great decor, expensive drinks but worth the price, but the music is bland and the crowd is very cheezy.	14
Great decor, expensive drinks but worth the price, but the music is bland and the crowd is very cheezy.	9
Delivery wasn't the fastest, but the food was still hot so I won't complain.	3
Delivery wasn't the fastest, but the food was still hot so I won't complain.	2
Bins of fresh bagels rest behind the counter, and there are always a few customers sitting at one of the few tables inside or on one of two wooden benches out front.	2
Bins of fresh bagels rest behind the counter, and there are always a few customers sitting at one of the few tables inside or on one of two wooden benches out front.	19
Ten minutes later: no burgers and no sign of our waiter.	1
Ten minutes later: no burgers and no sign of our waiter.	6
Our waiter never once came by the table to ask us how our meal was.	6
Our waiter never once came by the table to ask us how our meal was.	22
There is a bar right by the door, which is convenient while waiting in the long lines for a seat and be prepared to wait on the weekends.	19
There is a bar right by the door, which is convenient while waiting in the long lines for a seat and be prepared to wait on the weekends.	21
Upon entering we were promptly seated and ordered a few minutes after ordering the waiter came out and said they are completely out of crab, crab legs, crab claws everything.	6
Upon entering we were promptly seated and ordered a few minutes after ordering the waiter came out and said they are completely out of crab, crab legs, crab claws everything.	1
While the food is terrific, you must overlook the often apathetic service, and the sometimes downright rude Manager that seats people.	2
While the food is terrific, you must overlook the often apathetic service, and the sometimes downright rude Manager that seats people.	3
As the waitress cleaned the table in a rush she knocked over a party bag containing a glass bottle with bath oil.	6
As the waitress cleaned the table in a rush she knocked over a party bag containing a glass bottle with bath oil.	22
I went there for a late dinner last night with a friend and the service was aweful.	1
I went there for a late dinner last night with a friend and the service was aweful.	3
For the price and quality of the food, the service should have been a lot better than it was.	10
For the price and quality of the food, the service should have been a lot better than it was.	1
For the price and quality of the food, the service should have been a lot better than it was.	3
Great place to get a good fulfilling meal but do not go for ambience or service.	2
Great place to get a good fulfilling meal but do not go for ambience or service.	12
Great place to get a good fulfilling meal but do not go for ambience or service.	3
It's always exciting to see celebrities hiding in the corner banquettes or behind sunglasses at the bar, but the real draw is the chef's short ribs and the volumous wine list.	19
It's always exciting to see celebrities hiding in the corner banquettes or behind sunglasses at the bar, but the real draw is the chef's short ribs and the volumous wine list.	7
It's always exciting to see celebrities hiding in the corner banquettes or behind sunglasses at the bar, but the real draw is the chef's short ribs and the volumous wine list.	2
Those waiting inside to get a free table and waitresses carlessly walking by only served to make matters worse.	4
Those waiting inside to get a free table and waitresses carlessly walking by only served to make matters worse.	23
So maybe I'm naive to the latest trends in dining, but I really didn't like it.	21
So maybe I'm naive to the latest trends in dining, but I really didn't like it.	1
), we were not given bread though the couple next to us was, we asked twice for our check and when it came, they forced us to pay the tip in cash so they could get out of paying taxes!	0
), we were not given bread though the couple next to us was, we asked twice for our check and when it came, they forced us to pay the tip in cash so they could get out of paying taxes!	10
The servers were prompt and attentive, but the food arrived lukewarm (maybe it was served so quickly because it was pre-cooked and had been sitting out for a while) and was not all that flavorful.	0
The servers were prompt and attentive, but the food arrived lukewarm (maybe it was served so quickly because it was pre-cooked and had been sitting out for a while) and was not all that flavorful.	5
The Scene The space, fit with imported giant urinals, zinc-topped bar, large antique mirrors, mosaic floor tiles and mahogany trim, looks like it's been around forever.	22
The Scene The space, fit with imported giant urinals, zinc-topped bar, large antique mirrors, mosaic floor tiles and mahogany trim, looks like it's been around forever.	20
We then waited until 7:35 before any food arrived at our table, despite the fact that we kept reminding our waitress that we needed to leave by 7:45.	1
We then waited until 7:35 before any food arrived at our table, despite the fact that we kept reminding our waitress that we needed to leave by 7:45.	22
We then waited until 7:35 before any food arrived at our table, despite the fact that we kept reminding our waitress that we needed to leave by 7:45.	6
When the pizza arrived it was definitely hot, however the topping was rather soggy from the moisture from the fresh tomatoes.	2
When the pizza arrived it was definitely hot, however the topping was rather soggy from the moisture from the fresh tomatoes.	21
The service is almost stifling polite (they pushed in my chair behind me every time I returned from the bathroom), though the sushi chef preparing my food was casual and chatty.	22
The service is almost stifling polite (they pushed in my chair behind me every time I returned from the bathroom), though the sushi chef preparing my food was casual and chatty.	0
I expected professionals, but was instead met with an amateur waitstaff that made several ominous errors during the course of the meal.	6
I expected professionals, but was instead met with an amateur waitstaff that made several ominous errors during the course of the meal.	1
the hostess really underestimated the wait time for outdoor seating and never apologized, and our waitress was apathetic and unattentive.	6
the hostess really underestimated the wait time for outdoor seating and never apologized, and our waitress was apathetic and unattentive.	19
Service was inexcusably, excruciatingly slow- it took more than 30 min to get the first round of drinks, by which point our party was ready to walk out.	3
Service was inexcusably, excruciatingly slow- it took more than 30 min to get the first round of drinks, by which point our party was ready to walk out.	1
We got there early so there wasn't much of a wait -- otherwise, I usually sit at the bar and have a cocktail.	5
We got there early so there wasn't much of a wait -- otherwise, I usually sit at the bar and have a cocktail.	19
We got there early so there wasn't much of a wait -- otherwise, I usually sit at the bar and have a cocktail.	1
The owner kindly gave us appetizers on the house to make our now, long wait, more pleasant, but of course they took forever to arrive and were insufficient.	8
The owner kindly gave us appetizers on the house to make our now, long wait, more pleasant, but of course they took forever to arrive and were insufficient.	1
The green hair table and seating at the front window was tacky and gimmicky, but figured it's the food that counts.	21
The green hair table and seating at the front window was tacky and gimmicky, but figured it's the food that counts.	18
The green hair table and seating at the front window was tacky and gimmicky, but figured it's the food that counts.	2
Myself along with every other patron were forced to wait in an overcrowded bar while employees carry chairs and such over our heads to prepare for dinner in the next room, shoulder to shoulder we stood there like cattle waiting to be fed.	18
Myself along with every other patron were forced to wait in an overcrowded bar while employees carry chairs and such over our heads to prepare for dinner in the next room, shoulder to shoulder we stood there like cattle waiting to be fed.	7
Myself along with every other patron were forced to wait in an overcrowded bar while employees carry chairs and such over our heads to prepare for dinner in the next room, shoulder to shoulder we stood there like cattle waiting to be fed.	22
Myself along with every other patron were forced to wait in an overcrowded bar while employees carry chairs and such over our heads to prepare for dinner in the next room, shoulder to shoulder we stood there like cattle waiting to be fed.	1
Myself along with every other patron were forced to wait in an overcrowded bar while employees carry chairs and such over our heads to prepare for dinner in the next room, shoulder to shoulder we stood there like cattle waiting to be fed.	4
Tried again for Brunch and really bad server with HUGE attitude.	2
Tried again for Brunch and really bad server with HUGE attitude.	6
Went for lunch but wanted to order a la carte, which was so highly discouraged by the waiter (pushing the 10.	1
Went for lunch but wanted to order a la carte, which was so highly discouraged by the waiter (pushing the 10.	6
The Food The pan-Italian menu forgoes the appetizer-entree format in favor of fairly priced small plates, which quickly add up.	1
The Food The pan-Italian menu forgoes the appetizer-entree format in favor of fairly priced small plates, which quickly add up.	16
The Food The pan-Italian menu forgoes the appetizer-entree format in favor of fairly priced small plates, which quickly add up.	11
The Food The pan-Italian menu forgoes the appetizer-entree format in favor of fairly priced small plates, which quickly add up.	21
The waiter made no effort to remember who had orderd what (just threw it on the table and bailed), or even who ordered (I had to flag him so my wife could order her main dish 15 min after he had taken orders from others).	6
The waiter made no effort to remember who had orderd what (just threw it on the table and bailed), or even who ordered (I had to flag him so my wife could order her main dish 15 min after he had taken orders from others).	1
went there for dinner over the weekend and was treated rudely right away by what I think was a manager who was doing anything but managing.	1
went there for dinner over the weekend and was treated rudely right away by what I think was a manager who was doing anything but managing.	6
I was interrupted by the waiter to say that when we are done with dinner he'd bring one.	6
I was interrupted by the waiter to say that when we are done with dinner he'd bring one.	1
The food makes up for it, though the quality has fallen victim to it's success.	2
The food makes up for it, though the quality has fallen victim to it's success.	21
Get a bottle of wine, and eat what your heart has been desiring because all the things you would love to be on one menu--are!	1
Get a bottle of wine, and eat what your heart has been desiring because all the things you would love to be on one menu--are!	17
The food was barely decent and our server was nowhere to be found.	2
The food was barely decent and our server was nowhere to be found.	6
I always trek to Bar 89 and get one of their huge sandwiches that comes with fries.	19
I always trek to Bar 89 and get one of their huge sandwiches that comes with fries.	2
The Food The seafood-dominant fusion menu features standout starters, like super-fresh raw bar oysters, crispy citrus-pepperoncini calamari and flaky lobster-mushroom tart with fiery chorizo and caramelized onions.	16
The Food The seafood-dominant fusion menu features standout starters, like super-fresh raw bar oysters, crispy citrus-pepperoncini calamari and flaky lobster-mushroom tart with fiery chorizo and caramelized onions.	2
The food and decor is above average, but it is clear the restaurant has bad management and service.	2
The food and decor is above average, but it is clear the restaurant has bad management and service.	14
The food and decor is above average, but it is clear the restaurant has bad management and service.	6
The food and decor is above average, but it is clear the restaurant has bad management and service.	3
The first time around, we had the $80 tasting menu, which included some sushi items, which I found to be pretty average, especially for the price.	15
The first time around, we had the $80 tasting menu, which included some sushi items, which I found to be pretty average, especially for the price.	10
The Japanese folk music blaring on the quaint speakers are a trip and they have some interesting things on the menu like bull pen|s and turkey testicles.	13
The Japanese folk music blaring on the quaint speakers are a trip and they have some interesting things on the menu like bull pen|s and turkey testicles.	23
The Japanese folk music blaring on the quaint speakers are a trip and they have some interesting things on the menu like bull pen|s and turkey testicles.	16
The Japanese folk music blaring on the quaint speakers are a trip and they have some interesting things on the menu like bull pen|s and turkey testicles.	1
The wait for a table is interminable.	3
The wait for a table is interminable.	22
but we waiting two hours to get it (we had reservations but it was late so we wanted to try to come in earlier).	3
but we waiting two hours to get it (we had reservations but it was late so we wanted to try to come in earlier).	22
the waitress was probably new, because she had no idea what wine they had, or if they had a certain type by the glass or bottle, and kept going back to the bar to find out.	6
the waitress was probably new, because she had no idea what wine they had, or if they had a certain type by the glass or bottle, and kept going back to the bar to find out.	1
the waitress was probably new, because she had no idea what wine they had, or if they had a certain type by the glass or bottle, and kept going back to the bar to find out.	22
When you go, you should ask for help from the wait staff in deciding what to order since the menu can be daunting.	7
When you go, you should ask for help from the wait staff in deciding what to order since the menu can be daunting.	15
Olives served at the bar are wonderful.	2
Olives served at the bar are wonderful.	19
The only con is the price ($110 for two people for a full meal).	10
The only con is the price ($110 for two people for a full meal).	2
When we went, the wait staff did not talk to us about any of the specials/the menu etc and handed us our bill while we were still eating.	6
When we went, the wait staff did not talk to us about any of the specials/the menu etc and handed us our bill while we were still eating.	16
food was just ok,, to many high end places in such a cool lower east side neighborhood,like prune and apizz, prices to high in these places for this hood.	2
food was just ok,, to many high end places in such a cool lower east side neighborhood,like prune and apizz, prices to high in these places for this hood.	9
The waitress recommended four courses, not three, given their tiny size.	7
The waitress recommended four courses, not three, given their tiny size.	1
The waitress recommended four courses, not three, given their tiny size.	21
I was a bit taken aback by the paper napkins and the flyer like menu, but was excited nevertheless to taste the food praised by at least 6 people on this site.	22
I was a bit taken aback by the paper napkins and the flyer like menu, but was excited nevertheless to taste the food praised by at least 6 people on this site.	16
I was a bit taken aback by the paper napkins and the flyer like menu, but was excited nevertheless to taste the food praised by at least 6 people on this site.	2
The place was empty except for one table, but they were just having drinks (red flag #1).	18
The place was empty except for one table, but they were just having drinks (red flag #1).	22
The place was empty except for one table, but they were just having drinks (red flag #1).	1
Food was much better than the average Indian place in the area, and more interesting.	2
Food was much better than the average Indian place in the area, and more interesting.	19
In addition to Italian staples like pasta, chicken and veal parmigiana, house specials like chicken Giovanni (chicken breast with sausage, sauteed in white wine) and linguini Giovanni (shrimp and clams in red sauce) keep the menu interesting.	1
In addition to Italian staples like pasta, chicken and veal parmigiana, house specials like chicken Giovanni (chicken breast with sausage, sauteed in white wine) and linguini Giovanni (shrimp and clams in red sauce) keep the menu interesting.	17
Just be sensible, if the wait is 45 minutes or longer--just have sushi there some other time, and eat something else that night.	3
Just be sensible, if the wait is 45 minutes or longer--just have sushi there some other time, and eat something else that night.	1
So, get drinks elsewhere, have a nice dinner here, and stop by the package store on the way home where you can get a bottle of Bombay Sapphire for the cost of 2 drinks here.	2
So, get drinks elsewhere, have a nice dinner here, and stop by the package store on the way home where you can get a bottle of Bombay Sapphire for the cost of 2 drinks here.	22
So, get drinks elsewhere, have a nice dinner here, and stop by the package store on the way home where you can get a bottle of Bombay Sapphire for the cost of 2 drinks here.	10
One person's dinner was cold, another was charged for a larger portion than ordered, and my shrimp pasta was inedible.	0
One person's dinner was cold, another was charged for a larger portion than ordered, and my shrimp pasta was inedible.	23
Babbo and Lupa are significantly better, and this place should redo the menu, or empty seats could become the norm.	16
Babbo and Lupa are significantly better, and this place should redo the menu, or empty seats could become the norm.	21
Subtle decor, above average wine list and a menu with a difference.	14
Subtle decor, above average wine list and a menu with a difference.	2
Subtle decor, above average wine list and a menu with a difference.	16
After dinner our waiter takes the bill and the manager tells him to clear our table so that we could leave.	1
After dinner our waiter takes the bill and the manager tells him to clear our table so that we could leave.	6
After dinner our waiter takes the bill and the manager tells him to clear our table so that we could leave.	10
The food was awesome if you can deal with wait staff who you can hardly ever find.	2
The food was awesome if you can deal with wait staff who you can hardly ever find.	6
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.	0
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.	16
We waited FOREVER on Valentine's Day for our table because their hostess had lost our reservation BUT the food was worthy of the long wait anyway.	22
We waited FOREVER on Valentine's Day for our table because their hostess had lost our reservation BUT the food was worthy of the long wait anyway.	6
We waited FOREVER on Valentine's Day for our table because their hostess had lost our reservation BUT the food was worthy of the long wait anyway.	2
We waited FOREVER on Valentine's Day for our table because their hostess had lost our reservation BUT the food was worthy of the long wait anyway.	3
The waiter brought the wrong food and charged us for food and drinks we didn't order.	6
The waiter brought the wrong food and charged us for food and drinks we didn't order.	1
our waiter from last year, a young man named Chris, actually remembered us (we did speak at length that evening about everything from food and wine to how to create good marrige).	8
our waiter from last year, a young man named Chris, actually remembered us (we did speak at length that evening about everything from food and wine to how to create good marrige).	1
I went back to telly's because i heard that they changed the Chef and the food was again, after a very very small break, was excellent again.	7
I went back to telly's because i heard that they changed the Chef and the food was again, after a very very small break, was excellent again.	2
Expect to be cramped and you may have to wait a little for your food, but the service is really friendly and helpful.	1
Expect to be cramped and you may have to wait a little for your food, but the service is really friendly and helpful.	5
Art and miscellany adorn the black-painted walls; strings of colored lights, disco balls and TVs are hung here and there; and on weekends a DJ fills the dining room with loud dance beats.	0
Art and miscellany adorn the black-painted walls; strings of colored lights, disco balls and TVs are hung here and there; and on weekends a DJ fills the dining room with loud dance beats.	7
Art and miscellany adorn the black-painted walls; strings of colored lights, disco balls and TVs are hung here and there; and on weekends a DJ fills the dining room with loud dance beats.	12
Pad thai and a variety of noodle soups, such as pho bac and Bangkok Curry, round out the menu and arrive in heaping portions.	16
Pad thai and a variety of noodle soups, such as pho bac and Bangkok Curry, round out the menu and arrive in heaping portions.	23
The portions are not huge, but they do include an alcoholic beverage or fresh juice, so that made up for it.	21
The portions are not huge, but they do include an alcoholic beverage or fresh juice, so that made up for it.	1
Although the food was good, it wasn't quite worth the price tag.	2
Although the food was good, it wasn't quite worth the price tag.	9
During my meal the waiter and waitress gathered with other friends that had arrived and they spent the whole time talking and ignoring the clientele.	1
During my meal the waiter and waitress gathered with other friends that had arrived and they spent the whole time talking and ignoring the clientele.	6
Finally, one of the waitstaff noticed and brought out a dirty bus pan which he put on the table next to me and started bussing the entire dining room.	6
Finally, one of the waitstaff noticed and brought out a dirty bus pan which he put on the table next to me and started bussing the entire dining room.	19
Even though it wasn't totally full, the waitress had to RUN around the restaurant, and the drinks and the food took a LONG time to arrive.	6
Even though it wasn't totally full, the waitress had to RUN around the restaurant, and the drinks and the food took a LONG time to arrive.	1
After ordering a couple beers from the pleasant bartender, my date and I took a seat at one of MANY vacant tables next to the bar (The bar stools were full).	8
After ordering a couple beers from the pleasant bartender, my date and I took a seat at one of MANY vacant tables next to the bar (The bar stools were full).	22
After ordering a couple beers from the pleasant bartender, my date and I took a seat at one of MANY vacant tables next to the bar (The bar stools were full).	0
Had a few appetizers; smoked duck was served cold but good flavor, tofu was good/fresh too, nothing to rave about though.	1
Had a few appetizers; smoked duck was served cold but good flavor, tofu was good/fresh too, nothing to rave about though.	14
The price wouldnt be so bad if it wasnt for the poor service, average food, and uninspired menu selections (choice of tiramisu and strawberries with whipped cream for dessert?!	9
The price wouldnt be so bad if it wasnt for the poor service, average food, and uninspired menu selections (choice of tiramisu and strawberries with whipped cream for dessert?!	3
The price wouldnt be so bad if it wasnt for the poor service, average food, and uninspired menu selections (choice of tiramisu and strawberries with whipped cream for dessert?!	15
The price wouldnt be so bad if it wasnt for the poor service, average food, and uninspired menu selections (choice of tiramisu and strawberries with whipped cream for dessert?!	1
NEED Reservations in order to get past the host by the secret door and the maitre d host downstairs but No trace of snooby attitude here.	22
NEED Reservations in order to get past the host by the secret door and the maitre d host downstairs but No trace of snooby attitude here.	8
Then the manager said, hey we'll give you shrimp instead, which would have taken another hour.	6
Then the manager said, hey we'll give you shrimp instead, which would have taken another hour.	1
I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu.	6
I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu.	16
In Short The vegi burgers (and the full bar) are the main draws: ranging from the Super Veg-Burger with lettuce, tomato and Abijah's secret sauce to the McKate (two un-beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, dairy or nondairy cheese, etc.	20
In Short The vegi burgers (and the full bar) are the main draws: ranging from the Super Veg-Burger with lettuce, tomato and Abijah's secret sauce to the McKate (two un-beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, dairy or nondairy cheese, etc.	1
The food was a meal I could find anywhere else in the city for a better price.	1
The food was a meal I could find anywhere else in the city for a better price.	11
and if that wasn't enough the owner threw in a free beer each for me and my friend.	6
and if that wasn't enough the owner threw in a free beer each for me and my friend.	1
Informal servers sashay past plastic chairs and patterned booths, ducking enormous lampshades with cheerful insouciance.	6
Informal servers sashay past plastic chairs and patterned booths, ducking enormous lampshades with cheerful insouciance.	22
When we showed up, the guy at the door said it would be 15 minutes and that we could wait by the bar.	6
When we showed up, the guy at the door said it would be 15 minutes and that we could wait by the bar.	19
our waitress (who was ok) disappeared in the middle of our dinner, leaving us to an obnoxious amateur (must answer the phones or something) who could not answer our questions and treated us extremely rudely.	6
our waitress (who was ok) disappeared in the middle of our dinner, leaving us to an obnoxious amateur (must answer the phones or something) who could not answer our questions and treated us extremely rudely.	1
Wait staff started swarming around us as if we just ordered cokes throughout lunch.	6
Wait staff started swarming around us as if we just ordered cokes throughout lunch.	1
Smallish menu, but more than adequate, and not that heavy on sauces which is so typical of italian restaurants.	15
Smallish menu, but more than adequate, and not that heavy on sauces which is so typical of italian restaurants.	2
Besides ordering single dishes you can also order family style.	1
Besides ordering single dishes you can also order family style.	23
the staff there was really freindly the owner even sat down at one point to chat with us, it was hard to chose from the menu it all sounded good, so my wife and i shared plates to try a little of each dish , we ordered.	8
the staff there was really freindly the owner even sat down at one point to chat with us, it was hard to chose from the menu it all sounded good, so my wife and i shared plates to try a little of each dish , we ordered.	16
Even at lunch, when lawyers and publishers flock in to wheel and deal over the justly-popular lunch buffet, the atmosphere remains serene.	1
Even at lunch, when lawyers and publishers flock in to wheel and deal over the justly-popular lunch buffet, the atmosphere remains serene.	14
I highly recommend the chicken hearts, but remember: ask the waiters, since they're not usually available and will be cooked upon request (and will go fast).	2
I highly recommend the chicken hearts, but remember: ask the waiters, since they're not usually available and will be cooked upon request (and will go fast).	7
Had a late-night dinner there on Friday, and while the decor is fabulous, we waited a long time for our check.	1
Had a late-night dinner there on Friday, and while the decor is fabulous, we waited a long time for our check.	14
the decor isn't quite like Shun Lee but the service will definitely make up for any shortcoming.	12
the decor isn't quite like Shun Lee but the service will definitely make up for any shortcoming.	5
In the middle of dessert, the waitress silently passes by and drops the check.	1
In the middle of dessert, the waitress silently passes by and drops the check.	6
The waiter's recommendation for the entree (seabass in a lime and mango chutney) exceeded our expectations and we ate the chutney to the last drop.	8
The waiter's recommendation for the entree (seabass in a lime and mango chutney) exceeded our expectations and we ate the chutney to the last drop.	1
For the cost of the lunch I expected much better service.	10
For the cost of the lunch I expected much better service.	1
For the cost of the lunch I expected much better service.	3
Even though it's a trek for me to get there and the place is a little of a Hole in the wall, I've gone many times for the food alone.	18
Even though it's a trek for me to get there and the place is a little of a Hole in the wall, I've gone many times for the food alone.	2
In the main dining room, finding your waiter is Hell and aside from when they take your order and bring the bill, you'll rarely see them.	19
In the main dining room, finding your waiter is Hell and aside from when they take your order and bring the bill, you'll rarely see them.	6
We sat there with the check and ordered dessert and more drinks.	10
We sat there with the check and ordered dessert and more drinks.	2
As a former waitress, I get this conceptually, and I am even understanding of the fact that I had to wait 30minutes to get my first drink because the bar was backed up.	8
As a former waitress, I get this conceptually, and I am even understanding of the fact that I had to wait 30minutes to get my first drink because the bar was backed up.	1
As a former waitress, I get this conceptually, and I am even understanding of the fact that I had to wait 30minutes to get my first drink because the bar was backed up.	19
But my lunch was very light with a wrap, not tortilla, but something thinner, a rice paper sort of crepe, that had lettuce and spicy cabbage and thin sliced beef.	2
But my lunch was very light with a wrap, not tortilla, but something thinner, a rice paper sort of crepe, that had lettuce and spicy cabbage and thin sliced beef.	22
I have been a waiter for many years and I can tell you that if bad service is given you at least apologize to the costumer.	7
I have been a waiter for many years and I can tell you that if bad service is given you at least apologize to the costumer.	3
Those less interested in people-watching dine inside the whimsical, wood-trimmed room under a canopy of Italian inscriptions, or at the long, art-lined bar, which hosts a hopping after-work crowd.	20
Those less interested in people-watching dine inside the whimsical, wood-trimmed room under a canopy of Italian inscriptions, or at the long, art-lined bar, which hosts a hopping after-work crowd.	22
And I'm saying that dinner has actually taken about an hour more than it should, just because of the slow service.	1
And I'm saying that dinner has actually taken about an hour more than it should, just because of the slow service.	3
We sat near the sluggish, hot and very loud kitchen and the service area was not wiped down once during the entire time.	18
We sat near the sluggish, hot and very loud kitchen and the service area was not wiped down once during the entire time.	22
Manager couldn't be bothered to come over and acknowledge the mistake.	6
Manager couldn't be bothered to come over and acknowledge the mistake.	5
Soy abounds, in all forms: as firm patties, pure squares of glistening tofu, and something called a hijiki patty--mixed tastily with shreds of seaweed, then fried.	0
Soy abounds, in all forms: as firm patties, pure squares of glistening tofu, and something called a hijiki patty--mixed tastily with shreds of seaweed, then fried.	23
Evening service--featuring waiters all in black--is a little slow; plan on a leisurely dinner unless you're headed for the theater.	4
Evening service--featuring waiters all in black--is a little slow; plan on a leisurely dinner unless you're headed for the theater.	6
Evening service--featuring waiters all in black--is a little slow; plan on a leisurely dinner unless you're headed for the theater.	1
Try the stir fried cube steak, shabu sahbu, or the Oden, or anything else you want to try on the menu.	2
Try the stir fried cube steak, shabu sahbu, or the Oden, or anything else you want to try on the menu.	16
I sat at the bar to receive faster service, and boy was i wrong!	19
I sat at the bar to receive faster service, and boy was i wrong!	5
Within 3 minutes after we sat the waiter was hovering over us to get our food order.	8
Within 3 minutes after we sat the waiter was hovering over us to get our food order.	1
My mouth almost dropped, and for good reason, when the server brought my sandwhich and side of macaroni.	6
My mouth almost dropped, and for good reason, when the server brought my sandwhich and side of macaroni.	1
If you think the prices are outrageous, just take the family, enjoy the ride and go in and order a few appetizers as prelude to a real dinner.	9
If you think the prices are outrageous, just take the family, enjoy the ride and go in and order a few appetizers as prelude to a real dinner.	22
(Note: Price variations were listed nowhere--and I had asked for a to-go drink, deciding--after paying--to sit at a no-service counter until my drink cooled off.	9
(Note: Price variations were listed nowhere--and I had asked for a to-go drink, deciding--after paying--to sit at a no-service counter until my drink cooled off.	1
This restaurant was a great value, even though I know nothing about the prix fixe menu.	23
This restaurant was a great value, even though I know nothing about the prix fixe menu.	16
To enhance the dining experience, there is a live jazz band, which further isolates you from the world outside the gates.	2
To enhance the dining experience, there is a live jazz band, which further isolates you from the world outside the gates.	13
Surf-and-turf encompasses the menu's star entrees: deliciously charred sesame-crusted tuna with ginger ponzu gently juxtaposes espresso-rubbed filet mignon.	16
Surf-and-turf encompasses the menu's star entrees: deliciously charred sesame-crusted tuna with ginger ponzu gently juxtaposes espresso-rubbed filet mignon.	2
The menu is quite substantial, with a number of chicken, beef, and seafood specialties not found at your typical chinese restaurant.	17
The menu is quite substantial, with a number of chicken, beef, and seafood specialties not found at your typical chinese restaurant.	1
Other than the too fruity drinks at the bar which wasn't my cup of tea, everything else was excellent.	19
Other than the too fruity drinks at the bar which wasn't my cup of tea, everything else was excellent.	0
The porterhouse is as good a steak you are going to find in NYC or the surrounding area.	2
The porterhouse is as good a steak you are going to find in NYC or the surrounding area.	19
After a short wait at the bar (which was very crowded), we were seated upstairs at a private table.	4
After a short wait at the bar (which was very crowded), we were seated upstairs at a private table.	18
My only two complaints are that (1) our server was a real space cadet and kinda inattentive and (2) the sodas were really small; overall, though, I had a great time and really enjoyed my dinner!	19
My only two complaints are that (1) our server was a real space cadet and kinda inattentive and (2) the sodas were really small; overall, though, I had a great time and really enjoyed my dinner!	2
After paying for our meal, we left some feedback with the manager (a chap named J.	1
After paying for our meal, we left some feedback with the manager (a chap named J.	6
Down right comfortable, pleasant, enormous portions, have lunch and bring home a doggie bag wth your dinner.	23
Down right comfortable, pleasant, enormous portions, have lunch and bring home a doggie bag wth your dinner.	1
The host actually came over to my table and told me and my date we had to leave because we already paid our bill.	6
The host actually came over to my table and told me and my date we had to leave because we already paid our bill.	22
The host actually came over to my table and told me and my date we had to leave because we already paid our bill.	10
Their Korean menu was also equally impressive, A must try is the Kimchee cabbage pancakes as an appetiser ( the portions were as big as an entree!)	1
Their Korean menu was also equally impressive, A must try is the Kimchee cabbage pancakes as an appetiser ( the portions were as big as an entree!)	23
The Waterview is one of the best diners I've evr been to interms of the quality and taste of the food.	11
The Waterview is one of the best diners I've evr been to interms of the quality and taste of the food.	22
The Waterview is one of the best diners I've evr been to interms of the quality and taste of the food.	1
40 minutes later, the waitress finally looked at our table and we asked about our dishes.	6
40 minutes later, the waitress finally looked at our table and we asked about our dishes.	1
The staff were all partying with each other at the bar, so even though we were the only ones there for food, it took 15 minutes to get menus.	6
The staff were all partying with each other at the bar, so even though we were the only ones there for food, it took 15 minutes to get menus.	19
The staff were all partying with each other at the bar, so even though we were the only ones there for food, it took 15 minutes to get menus.	16
we told the waitress and she told us that we ordered the dead fish as opposed to the swimming fish.	6
we told the waitress and she told us that we ordered the dead fish as opposed to the swimming fish.	1
Our waiter was confused and forgot an additional soda when we asked for it.	6
Our waiter was confused and forgot an additional soda when we asked for it.	1
The Scene Neither trendy and slick nor haute and haughty, it this cozy wine bar adds a bit of Mediterranean sun to the chilly east 70s.	20
The Scene Neither trendy and slick nor haute and haughty, it this cozy wine bar adds a bit of Mediterranean sun to the chilly east 70s.	1
This is one of two Ping's in Queens, the other one on Queens Blvd in Elmhurst serves great seafood dishes fished straight off clean tanks.	22
This is one of two Ping's in Queens, the other one on Queens Blvd in Elmhurst serves great seafood dishes fished straight off clean tanks.	2
The place was beautiful, I sat at the bar for two hours and eat oysters and had way too many martinis.	20
The place was beautiful, I sat at the bar for two hours and eat oysters and had way too many martinis.	1
Unfortunately it gets very crowded on the weekends, so if you don't mind dining at the bar you can skip the wait for a table.	0
Unfortunately it gets very crowded on the weekends, so if you don't mind dining at the bar you can skip the wait for a table.	3
Unfortunately it gets very crowded on the weekends, so if you don't mind dining at the bar you can skip the wait for a table.	22
If you are under 24 this might seem to be a great place in the big city but for the rest of us it's just a liitle too chheesy and the food is under par for the price.	0
If you are under 24 this might seem to be a great place in the big city but for the rest of us it's just a liitle too chheesy and the food is under par for the price.	10
They spoon the FAT GREASE over your steak when they bring it to the table.	0
They spoon the FAT GREASE over your steak when they bring it to the table.	22
In Short This old-fashioned luncheonette, festooned with artificial flowers and signs touting the cherry lime rickeys, egg creams and banana-walnut pancakes, is favorite pitstop for folks visiting the Brooklyn Museum and Botanical Gardens.	2
In Short This old-fashioned luncheonette, festooned with artificial flowers and signs touting the cherry lime rickeys, egg creams and banana-walnut pancakes, is favorite pitstop for folks visiting the Brooklyn Museum and Botanical Gardens.	19
I'm a chef (30 years), and I can honestly say that I've finally found Italian food worth eating at a reasonable price.	7
I'm a chef (30 years), and I can honestly say that I've finally found Italian food worth eating at a reasonable price.	11
unbeknownst to the three of us, the hostess made note of the fact that i was celebrating my b-day after a member of my dinner party made a very brief reference to it as we were seated.	8
unbeknownst to the three of us, the hostess made note of the fact that i was celebrating my b-day after a member of my dinner party made a very brief reference to it as we were seated.	1
Although we were seated quickly, ambiance was cozy, service was decent the overall menu selection and overall food taste and presentation was less to be desired!	14
Although we were seated quickly, ambiance was cozy, service was decent the overall menu selection and overall food taste and presentation was less to be desired!	5
Although we were seated quickly, ambiance was cozy, service was decent the overall menu selection and overall food taste and presentation was less to be desired!	0
Count on fresh, fairly priced cuts of fish that represent a good value, even if portions are a bit on the small side.	2
Count on fresh, fairly priced cuts of fish that represent a good value, even if portions are a bit on the small side.	21
Food is pretty good but the service is horrific.	2
Food is pretty good but the service is horrific.	3
Warming clam miso soup and expertly rolled Mexican maki (made with yellowtail, scallions, avocado, and jalapeno mayonnaise) pair well with a stiff glass of shochu, Japanese liquor with a bite as strong as tequila.	2
Warming clam miso soup and expertly rolled Mexican maki (made with yellowtail, scallions, avocado, and jalapeno mayonnaise) pair well with a stiff glass of shochu, Japanese liquor with a bite as strong as tequila.	22
The Food Mafrici's approach to modern Italian fare may seem gimmicky: The menu lists eight seasonal ingredients, each prepared as an appetizer, pasta and entree.	16
The Food Mafrici's approach to modern Italian fare may seem gimmicky: The menu lists eight seasonal ingredients, each prepared as an appetizer, pasta and entree.	14
The Food Mafrici's approach to modern Italian fare may seem gimmicky: The menu lists eight seasonal ingredients, each prepared as an appetizer, pasta and entree.	1
The food was cold and did not match the description on the menu, the waiter could not be bothered with me (and I am nice to deal with since I work in the industry), and it was way over priced.	21
The food was cold and did not match the description on the menu, the waiter could not be bothered with me (and I am nice to deal with since I work in the industry), and it was way over priced.	16
The food was cold and did not match the description on the menu, the waiter could not be bothered with me (and I am nice to deal with since I work in the industry), and it was way over priced.	6
The tables are close so you can hear every conversation going on around you, but if you're here with someone who enthralls you, you will notice no one else but your dinner date.	18
The tables are close so you can hear every conversation going on around you, but if you're here with someone who enthralls you, you will notice no one else but your dinner date.	1
00 bottle of wine, we had to endure the waiter's attitude, like he was doing us a solid, if you're into huge Euro crowds and don't care about what you eat and how it is served to you, Baraonda is your kind of place.	4
00 bottle of wine, we had to endure the waiter's attitude, like he was doing us a solid, if you're into huge Euro crowds and don't care about what you eat and how it is served to you, Baraonda is your kind of place.	21
After waiting almost an hour for a table (with resies) our waiter told us that they don't have a sommelier because no steakhouse has a sommelier (patently false), and finished with the notion that he had absolutely no idea about any of the wines on the list.	4
After waiting almost an hour for a table (with resies) our waiter told us that they don't have a sommelier because no steakhouse has a sommelier (patently false), and finished with the notion that he had absolutely no idea about any of the wines on the list.	6
After waiting almost an hour for a table (with resies) our waiter told us that they don't have a sommelier because no steakhouse has a sommelier (patently false), and finished with the notion that he had absolutely no idea about any of the wines on the list.	1
We had to wait by the door, and the host failed to acknowledge our existence for a whole 15 minutes!	22
We had to wait by the door, and the host failed to acknowledge our existence for a whole 15 minutes!	6
A friend and I went for dinner, the host was rude to us as we walked in, we stayed because the decor is charming and we wanted french food.	1
A friend and I went for dinner, the host was rude to us as we walked in, we stayed because the decor is charming and we wanted french food.	14
Not the best ambiance, but meat that'll make you drool.	12
Not the best ambiance, but meat that'll make you drool.	2
The food is good and cheap BUT the attitudes of the bartender and wait staff are almost unbearable.	2
The food is good and cheap BUT the attitudes of the bartender and wait staff are almost unbearable.	6
When we got there, the wait was just as everyone here has described, Domenico's process was just as described, but the pizza?	4
When we got there, the wait was just as everyone here has described, Domenico's process was just as described, but the pizza?	0
I don't think the menu is particularly creative, but I've gotten solidly tasty sushi here and it's always enormous.	15
I don't think the menu is particularly creative, but I've gotten solidly tasty sushi here and it's always enormous.	2
The waiters are very kind and helpful, and I regularly get something on the house - coffee, dessert or a drink.	8
The waiters are very kind and helpful, and I regularly get something on the house - coffee, dessert or a drink.	1
It takes forever for them to serve you just drinks, and some of the waiters seem to not comprehend what you order.	1
It takes forever for them to serve you just drinks, and some of the waiters seem to not comprehend what you order.	6
The servers were extremely professional, especially considering the entire room needed to be served at the same time.	8
The servers were extremely professional, especially considering the entire room needed to be served at the same time.	4
The waitresses are so nice and will even help you pick a meal if you are new to spanish food.	8
The waitresses are so nice and will even help you pick a meal if you are new to spanish food.	1
Sit at the bar (no reservations necessary), eat, talk to the bartender, and enjoy, b/c come dinnertime you will pay quadruple the price (but it's still worth it).	22
Sit at the bar (no reservations necessary), eat, talk to the bartender, and enjoy, b/c come dinnertime you will pay quadruple the price (but it's still worth it).	9
Once at the table our waitress managed on two occasions to take 15 minutes bringing drinks to our table, our plates sat uncleared on the table for just as long.	6
Once at the table our waitress managed on two occasions to take 15 minutes bringing drinks to our table, our plates sat uncleared on the table for just as long.	1
Once at the table our waitress managed on two occasions to take 15 minutes bringing drinks to our table, our plates sat uncleared on the table for just as long.	22
We had reserved space one one side of the bar, but when the staff tried to force the Pre-Fixe on all 15 members of the party to stay there, we moved to the other side (the difference in decor was minimal).	19
We had reserved space one one side of the bar, but when the staff tried to force the Pre-Fixe on all 15 members of the party to stay there, we moved to the other side (the difference in decor was minimal).	6
We had reserved space one one side of the bar, but when the staff tried to force the Pre-Fixe on all 15 members of the party to stay there, we moved to the other side (the difference in decor was minimal).	22
Also lovely was the atmosphere; the high ceilings and spacious room make it a nice contrast from the other brunch mills on the upper west side.	14
Also lovely was the atmosphere; the high ceilings and spacious room make it a nice contrast from the other brunch mills on the upper west side.	1
never had a bad pizza, the staff has always been friendly, if not overly solicitous, and the only downside is the occasional wait on line outside.	2
never had a bad pizza, the staff has always been friendly, if not overly solicitous, and the only downside is the occasional wait on line outside.	8
never had a bad pizza, the staff has always been friendly, if not overly solicitous, and the only downside is the occasional wait on line outside.	3
We had a horrible night here stemming from intolerable service, no appologies after our food never came out after waiting longer than an hour and a half, and a plate of crusty bread thrown at us when we asked for their signature corn bread.	3
We had a horrible night here stemming from intolerable service, no appologies after our food never came out after waiting longer than an hour and a half, and a plate of crusty bread thrown at us when we asked for their signature corn bread.	0
We had a horrible night here stemming from intolerable service, no appologies after our food never came out after waiting longer than an hour and a half, and a plate of crusty bread thrown at us when we asked for their signature corn bread.	22
Clams, shrimp, mussels, scungilli, and calamari served together in a spicy red sauce atop linguine are full of flavor; steak pizzaiola, a heroic portion of tender beef in a pool of garlicky marinara, comes with a side of spaghetti.	1
Clams, shrimp, mussels, scungilli, and calamari served together in a spicy red sauce atop linguine are full of flavor; steak pizzaiola, a heroic portion of tender beef in a pool of garlicky marinara, comes with a side of spaghetti.	14
The Scene Vintage suitcases and black-and-white photos of old ocean liners evoke the Golden Age of travel in the front bar, where a worldly clientele sips cocktails around a flickering faux fireplace.	22
The Scene Vintage suitcases and black-and-white photos of old ocean liners evoke the Golden Age of travel in the front bar, where a worldly clientele sips cocktails around a flickering faux fireplace.	19
The Scene Vintage suitcases and black-and-white photos of old ocean liners evoke the Golden Age of travel in the front bar, where a worldly clientele sips cocktails around a flickering faux fireplace.	2
We had reservations and when we showed up the manager told us the wait was over 45 mins.	22
We had reservations and when we showed up the manager told us the wait was over 45 mins.	6
We had reservations and when we showed up the manager told us the wait was over 45 mins.	3
Diners choose between deep banquettes or seats at the bar, which offer a front-row view of the small preparation area and a chance to watch the two chefs as they whip together the elegantly constructed desserts.	11
Diners choose between deep banquettes or seats at the bar, which offer a front-row view of the small preparation area and a chance to watch the two chefs as they whip together the elegantly constructed desserts.	22
Diners choose between deep banquettes or seats at the bar, which offer a front-row view of the small preparation area and a chance to watch the two chefs as they whip together the elegantly constructed desserts.	19
Diners choose between deep banquettes or seats at the bar, which offer a front-row view of the small preparation area and a chance to watch the two chefs as they whip together the elegantly constructed desserts.	7
We had to ask for the bill twice, and our water was refilled only when we asked for it.	10
We had to ask for the bill twice, and our water was refilled only when we asked for it.	0
The waiter had a slight attitude and brought our wine aprroximately 10 minutes into our appetizer.	6
The waiter had a slight attitude and brought our wine aprroximately 10 minutes into our appetizer.	3
The waiter had a slight attitude and brought our wine aprroximately 10 minutes into our appetizer.	1
We did enjoy the recommended, yet simple $40 sangiovese, atmosphere and loosey-goosey service, but we were disappointed overall.	14
We did enjoy the recommended, yet simple $40 sangiovese, atmosphere and loosey-goosey service, but we were disappointed overall.	3
The waiter poured our wine into my water glass, rolled his eyes when I asked for a new water, and definitely didn't offer to comp the wasted glass of wine.	6
The waiter poured our wine into my water glass, rolled his eyes when I asked for a new water, and definitely didn't offer to comp the wasted glass of wine.	22
The waiter poured our wine into my water glass, rolled his eyes when I asked for a new water, and definitely didn't offer to comp the wasted glass of wine.	0
I am a martini guy - vodka, not gin - and their classic martini with blue cheese olives is pretty damn near definitive.	7
I am a martini guy - vodka, not gin - and their classic martini with blue cheese olives is pretty damn near definitive.	2
With the exception of one late day when I came in for caffe and the waitress nearly rushed us out since dinner was coming around.	6
With the exception of one late day when I came in for caffe and the waitress nearly rushed us out since dinner was coming around.	1
I can't imagine waiting for 20 minutes to have my plates removed, given that usually the waitstaff hover around like birds of prey waiting for a fork to drop etc.	22
I can't imagine waiting for 20 minutes to have my plates removed, given that usually the waitstaff hover around like birds of prey waiting for a fork to drop etc.	6
Oh, but on a brighter note, when the waiter poured water into my vodka glass by mistake, we got a free drink out of it.	6
Oh, but on a brighter note, when the waiter poured water into my vodka glass by mistake, we got a free drink out of it.	22
My girlfriend asked the bartender what kind of wine they had and since she couldn't hear she leaned on the bar to get closer to him and he made a face and told her not to get near him.	6
My girlfriend asked the bartender what kind of wine they had and since she couldn't hear she leaned on the bar to get closer to him and he made a face and told her not to get near him.	1
sashimi was meh, salmon was good but the tuna was a little white and seemed like the day before as the flavor had faded.	2
sashimi was meh, salmon was good but the tuna was a little white and seemed like the day before as the flavor had faded.	12
They do make great burgers for the money and give big portions of fries with it.	2
They do make great burgers for the money and give big portions of fries with it.	10
Went to dinner with some girlfriends on Wednesday at Calico Jacks and had a fun time.	1
Went to dinner with some girlfriends on Wednesday at Calico Jacks and had a fun time.	23
Philippe should re-train their wait staff to communicate with one another and better orchestrate the timing of food service.	6
Philippe should re-train their wait staff to communicate with one another and better orchestrate the timing of food service.	4
The waiter never came back to check on us or refill coffee, he got one of the orders wrong, and we both left wondering what we were going to eat when we got home.	6
The waiter never came back to check on us or refill coffee, he got one of the orders wrong, and we both left wondering what we were going to eat when we got home.	1
You'd expect one to have more dessert options, other than rice pudding.	23
You'd expect one to have more dessert options, other than rice pudding.	0
The food is definitely the attraction, but the service has been consistently bad on every visit.	2
The food is definitely the attraction, but the service has been consistently bad on every visit.	3
really bad service took half an hour just to get a drink.	3
really bad service took half an hour just to get a drink.	1
But the waiter was very accomodating; he brought extra garlic bread at no charge, was attentive, and apologized profusely for not allowing us to order from the 12-and-under kids' menu.	8
But the waiter was very accomodating; he brought extra garlic bread at no charge, was attentive, and apologized profusely for not allowing us to order from the 12-and-under kids' menu.	2
But the waiter was very accomodating; he brought extra garlic bread at no charge, was attentive, and apologized profusely for not allowing us to order from the 12-and-under kids' menu.	16
The night I was there, besides extraordinary food and service, the owners; Carmelo Leotta and Pietro Cinquemani were belting out Mario Lanzi tunes on the Steinway piano.	2
The night I was there, besides extraordinary food and service, the owners; Carmelo Leotta and Pietro Cinquemani were belting out Mario Lanzi tunes on the Steinway piano.	5
The night I was there, besides extraordinary food and service, the owners; Carmelo Leotta and Pietro Cinquemani were belting out Mario Lanzi tunes on the Steinway piano.	7
The waiter's knowledge of the menu and ability to make recommendations were ridiculously bad, requests weren't observed effectively, and our water and wine glasses were not kept full.	6
The waiter's knowledge of the menu and ability to make recommendations were ridiculously bad, requests weren't observed effectively, and our water and wine glasses were not kept full.	16
The waiter's knowledge of the menu and ability to make recommendations were ridiculously bad, requests weren't observed effectively, and our water and wine glasses were not kept full.	21
Food is served simply but quickly with a smile.	1
Food is served simply but quickly with a smile.	5
First, the hostess gave us a nasty look when asked if we could eat at the bar, and then just swished her hand to indicate we could seat ourselves.	6
First, the hostess gave us a nasty look when asked if we could eat at the bar, and then just swished her hand to indicate we could seat ourselves.	19
I use to always get the turkey club, until recently where I have gotten more bread than turkey.	19
I use to always get the turkey club, until recently where I have gotten more bread than turkey.	2
Despite the fact that I had called earlier in the day and was told that the place didn't take reservations and there were several empty tables for two on both floors, we were told that there would be a 30 minute wait.	22
Despite the fact that I had called earlier in the day and was told that the place didn't take reservations and there were several empty tables for two on both floors, we were told that there would be a 30 minute wait.	18
Despite the fact that I had called earlier in the day and was told that the place didn't take reservations and there were several empty tables for two on both floors, we were told that there would be a 30 minute wait.	4
I must start by stating plainly that I love Jeollado, but it is loud, the service is bad, but the rolls are great and it is the best deal (CHEAP) in town.	3
I must start by stating plainly that I love Jeollado, but it is loud, the service is bad, but the rolls are great and it is the best deal (CHEAP) in town.	2
we ordered filets, and ny steaks eventhough our waiter kept pushing up to get the porterhouse.	1
we ordered filets, and ny steaks eventhough our waiter kept pushing up to get the porterhouse.	6
What the sparse space lacks in decor it makes up for in atmosphere.	18
What the sparse space lacks in decor it makes up for in atmosphere.	14
The food is ok at best, but the service and the uncomfortable accomidations have such a negetive effect, that one can only wonder why they waited so long for so little.	1
The food is ok at best, but the service and the uncomfortable accomidations have such a negetive effect, that one can only wonder why they waited so long for so little.	3
There are a few things I can forgive at any popular place: somewhat long waits even with reservations, service staff that mistakenly believes they're there to act haughty rather than serve, and a way over-the-top interior.	22
There are a few things I can forgive at any popular place: somewhat long waits even with reservations, service staff that mistakenly believes they're there to act haughty rather than serve, and a way over-the-top interior.	6
There are a few things I can forgive at any popular place: somewhat long waits even with reservations, service staff that mistakenly believes they're there to act haughty rather than serve, and a way over-the-top interior.	18
Inside as we waited momentarily for our table, the bartender made light conversation as he made our drinks.	22
Inside as we waited momentarily for our table, the bartender made light conversation as he made our drinks.	8
Inside as we waited momentarily for our table, the bartender made light conversation as he made our drinks.	1
Tuesdays are Wine Lovers nights, where everything on their wine list is half off - it's a great deal.	22
Tuesdays are Wine Lovers nights, where everything on their wine list is half off - it's a great deal.	2
This Prospect Heights institution, with its old-fashioned soda-fountain type counter, complete with cakes of the day on pedastals w glass covers, attracts a diverse and loyal crowd.	0
This Prospect Heights institution, with its old-fashioned soda-fountain type counter, complete with cakes of the day on pedastals w glass covers, attracts a diverse and loyal crowd.	23
The service was a bit inadequate-and be warned they bring your food as it is ready- so be sure to order apps then after being served order entrees.	3
The service was a bit inadequate-and be warned they bring your food as it is ready- so be sure to order apps then after being served order entrees.	1
The waiter messed up my order and we had to hunt down the wait staff to get a second drink.	6
The waiter messed up my order and we had to hunt down the wait staff to get a second drink.	1
We were not offered bread and the host did not apologize until we asked for another update 45 minutes later.	1
We were not offered bread and the host did not apologize until we asked for another update 45 minutes later.	6
A friend asked for cheese on her pasta and the waitstaff, including the manager, REFUSED to give it to her.	1
A friend asked for cheese on her pasta and the waitstaff, including the manager, REFUSED to give it to her.	6
We had at least 10 of the appetizers on the menu, which all were delicious.	2
We had at least 10 of the appetizers on the menu, which all were delicious.	16
We asked the waitress very nicely to please change the playlist to something more appropriate for dinner, she chuckled to herself and said sure but never changed it.	6
We asked the waitress very nicely to please change the playlist to something more appropriate for dinner, she chuckled to herself and said sure but never changed it.	1
The host was playing god with his headset and reservation list, the bar was packed with horney drunken investment bankers, reservations are a joke and after haplessly sliding the plates at us when serving the food, they couldn't wait to collect the plates until we were done.	19
The host was playing god with his headset and reservation list, the bar was packed with horney drunken investment bankers, reservations are a joke and after haplessly sliding the plates at us when serving the food, they couldn't wait to collect the plates until we were done.	21
The host was playing god with his headset and reservation list, the bar was packed with horney drunken investment bankers, reservations are a joke and after haplessly sliding the plates at us when serving the food, they couldn't wait to collect the plates until we were done.	1
Because our daughters weren't sure what to order, and were a little intimidated at the surroundings (notwithstanding the beautiful simplicity of the decor), they ordered only appetizers while their fathers ordered dinner.	14
Because our daughters weren't sure what to order, and were a little intimidated at the surroundings (notwithstanding the beautiful simplicity of the decor), they ordered only appetizers while their fathers ordered dinner.	1
We get our beers and then are told from a confuzed waitress that she realized that she can't give us the happy hour drink prices if we are not sitting at the bar.	1
We get our beers and then are told from a confuzed waitress that she realized that she can't give us the happy hour drink prices if we are not sitting at the bar.	6
We get our beers and then are told from a confuzed waitress that she realized that she can't give us the happy hour drink prices if we are not sitting at the bar.	19
There is no menu and the waiter never told us how much lunch was, I thought it couldn't be more than $35.	16
There is no menu and the waiter never told us how much lunch was, I thought it couldn't be more than $35.	6
There is no menu and the waiter never told us how much lunch was, I thought it couldn't be more than $35.	1
Every course was delicious, including the multiple chef samples, brought to you from the chef throughout your entire meal.	2
Every course was delicious, including the multiple chef samples, brought to you from the chef throughout your entire meal.	7
this has become one of my favorite spots to hang out at the bar and drink martinis, not only because the atmosphere is energetic and lively, but also becasue the staff are so friendly.	19
this has become one of my favorite spots to hang out at the bar and drink martinis, not only because the atmosphere is energetic and lively, but also becasue the staff are so friendly.	1
this has become one of my favorite spots to hang out at the bar and drink martinis, not only because the atmosphere is energetic and lively, but also becasue the staff are so friendly.	14
this has become one of my favorite spots to hang out at the bar and drink martinis, not only because the atmosphere is energetic and lively, but also becasue the staff are so friendly.	8
What we were treated to, instead, was snooty attitude by the waiter and the maitre d' and a dinner I couldn't eat.	6
What we were treated to, instead, was snooty attitude by the waiter and the maitre d' and a dinner I couldn't eat.	1
We had to ask for water multiple times, there were no paper towels in the bathroom and even after informing a staff person they still were none an hour later.	1
We had to ask for water multiple times, there were no paper towels in the bathroom and even after informing a staff person they still were none an hour later.	6
The food is worth it, but I suggest you order delivery, so that you don't have to read old issues of Robb Report while you wait forever in a small and hot room.	2
The food is worth it, but I suggest you order delivery, so that you don't have to read old issues of Robb Report while you wait forever in a small and hot room.	4
The food is worth it, but I suggest you order delivery, so that you don't have to read old issues of Robb Report while you wait forever in a small and hot room.	18
A blink-and-you-missed, tiny bar lines the lefthand side wall as you enter, which is packed with neighborhood hipsters, but it sadly interferes with the tables filled with dining patrons that are forking out mega bucks for mediocre fare.	18
A blink-and-you-missed, tiny bar lines the lefthand side wall as you enter, which is packed with neighborhood hipsters, but it sadly interferes with the tables filled with dining patrons that are forking out mega bucks for mediocre fare.	22
A blink-and-you-missed, tiny bar lines the lefthand side wall as you enter, which is packed with neighborhood hipsters, but it sadly interferes with the tables filled with dining patrons that are forking out mega bucks for mediocre fare.	9
Another quick tell-tale sign is the furniture at the bar and the seating tables.	2
Another quick tell-tale sign is the furniture at the bar and the seating tables.	19
Take out and delivery is next door and usually will be better if you are looking to get your food faster.	4
Take out and delivery is next door and usually will be better if you are looking to get your food faster.	2
Ignoring the plain decor, Jo-An is one of the best options for cheap japanese food on the Upper West Side.	12
Ignoring the plain decor, Jo-An is one of the best options for cheap japanese food on the Upper West Side.	2
When my brother and I we had too much pizza in New York, we would like to order something else from the menu.	2
When my brother and I we had too much pizza in New York, we would like to order something else from the menu.	16
We ate at the bar to avoid waiting for a table.	3
We ate at the bar to avoid waiting for a table.	22
It was absolutely delicious to the point where i went back and asked for a variety plate They were so nice to accomodate me and gave me almost everything on the menu to taste from.	23
It was absolutely delicious to the point where i went back and asked for a variety plate They were so nice to accomodate me and gave me almost everything on the menu to taste from.	16
After waiting over a month for weekend reservations, I would of rather gone to IL Baggato.	3
After waiting over a month for weekend reservations, I would of rather gone to IL Baggato.	22
If you're looking for nonstop attention, a 20 page wine list and a waiter who puts your napkin on your lap, this is not the place to go.	1
If you're looking for nonstop attention, a 20 page wine list and a waiter who puts your napkin on your lap, this is not the place to go.	8
We hunted the waitress to at least pay for the drinks.	6
We hunted the waitress to at least pay for the drinks.	1
Food : A++ Service : A++ Value : A++ No other steakhouse in Manhattan can beat Ruth's Chris.	1
Food : A++ Service : A++ Value : A++ No other steakhouse in Manhattan can beat Ruth's Chris.	5
The Scene There are exactly three small tables at this tiny hole in the wall, but for food lovers on a budget, it's heaven.	22
The Scene There are exactly three small tables at this tiny hole in the wall, but for food lovers on a budget, it's heaven.	18
The Scene There are exactly three small tables at this tiny hole in the wall, but for food lovers on a budget, it's heaven.	2
Our waiter (a real cutie) had to ask us twice for our entree selections, the coffee orders were wrong and after saying, no, thanks, the pepper man poised his mill above my friend's calamari dish and ground away.	6
Our waiter (a real cutie) had to ask us twice for our entree selections, the coffee orders were wrong and after saying, no, thanks, the pepper man poised his mill above my friend's calamari dish and ground away.	1
A dish of chewy smoked seitan evokes Peking duck, while an entree of wide green-tea noodles is served in a tasty faux Bolognese sauce.	2
A dish of chewy smoked seitan evokes Peking duck, while an entree of wide green-tea noodles is served in a tasty faux Bolognese sauce.	4
I had six different items on the menu (yes, I am a trencherman) and three were simply OUTSTANDING: the steak, the sweetbreads (best I've ever had), and the monkfish liver (also the best I've ever had).	16
I had six different items on the menu (yes, I am a trencherman) and three were simply OUTSTANDING: the steak, the sweetbreads (best I've ever had), and the monkfish liver (also the best I've ever had).	2
Chef Richard is always eager to please, and will be happy make something special 'off the menu' if you ask.	8
Chef Richard is always eager to please, and will be happy make something special 'off the menu' if you ask.	16
We did not have reservations so we sat at the small bar with the friendly bartender for 10 minutes.	22
We did not have reservations so we sat at the small bar with the friendly bartender for 10 minutes.	8
After we waited nearly 25 minutes for our food (the place wasnt crowded), our waiter forgot some of our order and brought out a salad when we asked for everything to come out all at once.	1
After we waited nearly 25 minutes for our food (the place wasnt crowded), our waiter forgot some of our order and brought out a salad when we asked for everything to come out all at once.	6
We often come with a baby and the staff is so sweet and kind to her, it is a joy to be there.	22
We often come with a baby and the staff is so sweet and kind to her, it is a joy to be there.	8
I don't know why the place was almost empty until 8PM, but the food and service were perfect for the price.	18
I don't know why the place was almost empty until 8PM, but the food and service were perfect for the price.	2
I don't know why the place was almost empty until 8PM, but the food and service were perfect for the price.	10
First, the seating people gave me huge attitude and claimed I had not reserved a table at the grotto - and I quote my reservation You are all set for the grotta this saturday.	3
First, the seating people gave me huge attitude and claimed I had not reserved a table at the grotto - and I quote my reservation You are all set for the grotta this saturday.	22
the sushi was good and the service was not as bad as some would have you think but the crowd was more business than hip, more wall st.	2
the sushi was good and the service was not as bad as some would have you think but the crowd was more business than hip, more wall st.	21
On the other hand, I never felt rushed to vacate the place at the end of my meal.	18
On the other hand, I never felt rushed to vacate the place at the end of my meal.	1
There were 6 servers standing around watching me eat but they never asked if I needed anything or even offered me water.	6
There were 6 servers standing around watching me eat but they never asked if I needed anything or even offered me water.	1
But once we spoke up (and they figured out what happened with the menus) they re-did the dish in a butter sage sauce, which was awesome.	16
But once we spoke up (and they figured out what happened with the menus) they re-did the dish in a butter sage sauce, which was awesome.	2
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.	16
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.	2
Took my girlfriend here for dinner on a friday night, we were seated promptly and the service continued to be good for the remainder of the evening.	1
Took my girlfriend here for dinner on a friday night, we were seated promptly and the service continued to be good for the remainder of the evening.	5
The salad looked as though they have a premixed trash bag full of it, and they just dump a heap of it on a plate.	1
The salad looked as though they have a premixed trash bag full of it, and they just dump a heap of it on a plate.	21
The food quality is good, but the prices are not worth it!	2
The food quality is good, but the prices are not worth it!	9
The waitress didn't seem to know anything about the menu, she forgot our drinks, took away our wine list after I asked to keep it, and then said, I'm sorry, I only slept 3 hours last night.	6
The waitress didn't seem to know anything about the menu, she forgot our drinks, took away our wine list after I asked to keep it, and then said, I'm sorry, I only slept 3 hours last night.	16
The waitress didn't seem to know anything about the menu, she forgot our drinks, took away our wine list after I asked to keep it, and then said, I'm sorry, I only slept 3 hours last night.	1
Our waiter actually said he would check with the chef, like they might force us to share our food.	6
Our waiter actually said he would check with the chef, like they might force us to share our food.	1
Ok, so the service can be a little spotty, but despite this Cafe Con Leche has good food, and decent prices.	3
Ok, so the service can be a little spotty, but despite this Cafe Con Leche has good food, and decent prices.	2
Ok, so the service can be a little spotty, but despite this Cafe Con Leche has good food, and decent prices.	11
They've got some of the best french toast you'll ever eat for Sunday brunch, and while their dinner menu hasn't changed much in the past few years, their food is reliable and they I always find something new in their chicken or fish specials, which are usually prepared with a red or white wine-based sauce.	2
They've got some of the best french toast you'll ever eat for Sunday brunch, and while their dinner menu hasn't changed much in the past few years, their food is reliable and they I always find something new in their chicken or fish specials, which are usually prepared with a red or white wine-based sauce.	16
The service is pleasent, but they did forget to bring my mother in law's appetizer.	5
The service is pleasent, but they did forget to bring my mother in law's appetizer.	1
Good brunch menu - it was hard to make a decision between the breakfast tacos, huevos rancheros, and salads on the menu although our waiter was happy to rank menu items upon our request.	17
Good brunch menu - it was hard to make a decision between the breakfast tacos, huevos rancheros, and salads on the menu although our waiter was happy to rank menu items upon our request.	1
The waiter was able to answer any questions I had about the wine or food.	8
The waiter was able to answer any questions I had about the wine or food.	1
The crowd is not young, but hey, go somewhere else to get a drink afterward.	21
The crowd is not young, but hey, go somewhere else to get a drink afterward.	1
Trendy decor doesn't make up for the avg food, adequate service and relatively high prices.	0
Trendy decor doesn't make up for the avg food, adequate service and relatively high prices.	5
Trendy decor doesn't make up for the avg food, adequate service and relatively high prices.	9
I arrived with one other person at ~8:30 on a Wed night -- the hostess was very kind and showed me the reservation computer which showed that they were completely booked.	8
I arrived with one other person at ~8:30 on a Wed night -- the hostess was very kind and showed me the reservation computer which showed that they were completely booked.	22
the bread they served as we sat down had a pastry-like crunch on the outside and still warm.	2
the bread they served as we sat down had a pastry-like crunch on the outside and still warm.	4
Same quality for 1/3 the price and a realistic atmosphere.	10
Same quality for 1/3 the price and a realistic atmosphere.	14
Well, literally 7 minutes later we were being served dinner, with no apologies from the server who was too scared to come to our table.	1
Well, literally 7 minutes later we were being served dinner, with no apologies from the server who was too scared to come to our table.	6
Well, literally 7 minutes later we were being served dinner, with no apologies from the server who was too scared to come to our table.	22
The lunch specials are reasonably priced, but I avoid this place when I can only order off the regular menu.	1
The lunch specials are reasonably priced, but I avoid this place when I can only order off the regular menu.	11
The lunch specials are reasonably priced, but I avoid this place when I can only order off the regular menu.	16
The staff is nice, but they have the awful job of having to sell bland food as amazing treats.	8
The staff is nice, but they have the awful job of having to sell bland food as amazing treats.	0
I ended up wasting $24 on the most expensive dish on the menu.	0
I ended up wasting $24 on the most expensive dish on the menu.	16
We had a late 9:30 pm reservation; when we arrived and went to be seated, there was some type of discrepancy since the hostess was missing in action.	22
We had a late 9:30 pm reservation; when we arrived and went to be seated, there was some type of discrepancy since the hostess was missing in action.	6
The wait staff was all hanging at the bar, lounging around.	6
The wait staff was all hanging at the bar, lounging around.	19
The menu was still small, but the quality of food that came out of the kitchen was superb, and the service was not bad at all.	2
The menu was still small, but the quality of food that came out of the kitchen was superb, and the service was not bad at all.	19
The menu was still small, but the quality of food that came out of the kitchen was superb, and the service was not bad at all.	5
Appetizers took their sweet time in coming, and literally about an hour later we had our main dishes which were very small considering the price.	0
Appetizers took their sweet time in coming, and literally about an hour later we had our main dishes which were very small considering the price.	23
Appetizers took their sweet time in coming, and literally about an hour later we had our main dishes which were very small considering the price.	10
While dining on a delicate lamb carpaccio, and grilled skate wing, the owner explained that due to low lunch-time patronage, they may be discontinuing lunch altogether.	1
While dining on a delicate lamb carpaccio, and grilled skate wing, the owner explained that due to low lunch-time patronage, they may be discontinuing lunch altogether.	6
The decor was pleasant, but the tables were way too much crowded for a restaurant of this presumptive caliber.	14
The decor was pleasant, but the tables were way too much crowded for a restaurant of this presumptive caliber.	18
The only downfall was that our appetizer never showed up, we were apologized to, and it wasn't on our bill, but we also didn't get the jumbo shrimp we were all craving.	0
The only downfall was that our appetizer never showed up, we were apologized to, and it wasn't on our bill, but we also didn't get the jumbo shrimp we were all craving.	10
From the enormous menu, we opted for the 3-course dinner specials - chicken soup or clam chowder, although small portions, came with loads of rolls, crackers etc.	17
From the enormous menu, we opted for the 3-course dinner specials - chicken soup or clam chowder, although small portions, came with loads of rolls, crackers etc.	21
Drinks were well priced and the buyback rate was fantastic.	1
Drinks were well priced and the buyback rate was fantastic.	11
Despite him not being my designated server, he basically took over for our inexperienced waiter the rest of the dinner.	6
Despite him not being my designated server, he basically took over for our inexperienced waiter the rest of the dinner.	1
The service was great, the chef even gave me a complimentary dish.	5
The service was great, the chef even gave me a complimentary dish.	7
The service was great, the chef even gave me a complimentary dish.	2
Tension filled the air as the chief yelled at a waiter in the middle of the bar while in uniform and drinking.	21
Tension filled the air as the chief yelled at a waiter in the middle of the bar while in uniform and drinking.	13
Tension filled the air as the chief yelled at a waiter in the middle of the bar while in uniform and drinking.	7
Tension filled the air as the chief yelled at a waiter in the middle of the bar while in uniform and drinking.	19
then the manager gave us lemon juice instead of ceasar dressing for a ceasar salad which ruined the salad.	6
then the manager gave us lemon juice instead of ceasar dressing for a ceasar salad which ruined the salad.	1
then the manager gave us lemon juice instead of ceasar dressing for a ceasar salad which ruined the salad.	13
Midway through the meal the waiter came over and said we were being charged $40 a head since there were 7 of us, and they never said that when i made the reservation.	1
Midway through the meal the waiter came over and said we were being charged $40 a head since there were 7 of us, and they never said that when i made the reservation.	6
Midway through the meal the waiter came over and said we were being charged $40 a head since there were 7 of us, and they never said that when i made the reservation.	22
I excused myself from my table went downstairs to inform the hostess that I would like to suprise my dinner guest by recognizing his birthday in a very understated way.	8
I excused myself from my table went downstairs to inform the hostess that I would like to suprise my dinner guest by recognizing his birthday in a very understated way.	1
I organized a dinner for 20 and was extremely satisfied with the results.	1
I organized a dinner for 20 and was extremely satisfied with the results.	23
The only cuisines that will provide comparable quality in the vicinity are Greek (if you know where to look) and Pizza.	22
The only cuisines that will provide comparable quality in the vicinity are Greek (if you know where to look) and Pizza.	2
The other two entrees that were ordered were very large portions.	1
The other two entrees that were ordered were very large portions.	23
nice place, good service but the price is a little bit more expensive when compare with the area, location and small dishes.	5
nice place, good service but the price is a little bit more expensive when compare with the area, location and small dishes.	19
nice place, good service but the price is a little bit more expensive when compare with the area, location and small dishes.	0
We were served by two very rude waitresses who slammed every glass and dish they brought onto the table, and then got so caught up by hanging out at the bar that I eventually had to hunt them down to pay my bill.	6
We were served by two very rude waitresses who slammed every glass and dish they brought onto the table, and then got so caught up by hanging out at the bar that I eventually had to hunt them down to pay my bill.	1
We were served by two very rude waitresses who slammed every glass and dish they brought onto the table, and then got so caught up by hanging out at the bar that I eventually had to hunt them down to pay my bill.	22
We were served by two very rude waitresses who slammed every glass and dish they brought onto the table, and then got so caught up by hanging out at the bar that I eventually had to hunt them down to pay my bill.	19
The hostess kept me waiting 10 minutes (attempting to read seating chart which I assume was in cyrillic) before determining whether she could seat us.	6
The hostess kept me waiting 10 minutes (attempting to read seating chart which I assume was in cyrillic) before determining whether she could seat us.	4
The hostess kept me waiting 10 minutes (attempting to read seating chart which I assume was in cyrillic) before determining whether she could seat us.	19
A server came shortly after that with a cheeseburger, which is not what i ordered.	6
A server came shortly after that with a cheeseburger, which is not what i ordered.	1
Went to dinner on a Friday night and the place was packed and hot.	1
Went to dinner on a Friday night and the place was packed and hot.	18
We didn't order-the waiter just kept piling the food in front of us.	6
We didn't order-the waiter just kept piling the food in front of us.	1
Upon arrival I attempted to give a waiter my name (there doesn't seem to be a hostess) and tell him I had a 9pm reservation, but was told to just go get in line and wait for a table.	6
Upon arrival I attempted to give a waiter my name (there doesn't seem to be a hostess) and tell him I had a 9pm reservation, but was told to just go get in line and wait for a table.	22
Food is fine but unremarkable, atmosphere is very noisy, especially for a date, and our waiter looked like he had never seen us before when we reminded him that we had ordered a second round of drinks 20 minutes earlier.	12
Food is fine but unremarkable, atmosphere is very noisy, especially for a date, and our waiter looked like he had never seen us before when we reminded him that we had ordered a second round of drinks 20 minutes earlier.	6
Food is fine but unremarkable, atmosphere is very noisy, especially for a date, and our waiter looked like he had never seen us before when we reminded him that we had ordered a second round of drinks 20 minutes earlier.	1
The cool thing about the 3 course price fix is that there is no special or limited menu, you can order ANY app, ANY entree and ANY Dessert.	10
The cool thing about the 3 course price fix is that there is no special or limited menu, you can order ANY app, ANY entree and ANY Dessert.	15
The space is small and reservations are definitly needed.	18
The space is small and reservations are definitly needed.	22
Servers struggle to explain the menu to those who can't tell an idli from a chapathi, but the mostly Indian clientele is completely at home with the vegetarian South Indian fare.	6
Servers struggle to explain the menu to those who can't tell an idli from a chapathi, but the mostly Indian clientele is completely at home with the vegetarian South Indian fare.	16
Had to constantly ask the waiter to top up water glasses, but generally service was ok.	6
Had to constantly ask the waiter to top up water glasses, but generally service was ok.	22
Had to constantly ask the waiter to top up water glasses, but generally service was ok.	5
As we sat waiting for our menus, we started noticing the frowns on the faces of the people around us, watching as patrons tried to flag down waiters without luck, asking for things like water.	4
As we sat waiting for our menus, we started noticing the frowns on the faces of the people around us, watching as patrons tried to flag down waiters without luck, asking for things like water.	16
As we sat waiting for our menus, we started noticing the frowns on the faces of the people around us, watching as patrons tried to flag down waiters without luck, asking for things like water.	6
As we sat waiting for our menus, we started noticing the frowns on the faces of the people around us, watching as patrons tried to flag down waiters without luck, asking for things like water.	1
Ones experience is truly dampened by having to trundle up lifts and escalators, further on arrival at the restaurant we found the actual dining room to be slightly sterile and lacking in atmosphere.	18
Ones experience is truly dampened by having to trundle up lifts and escalators, further on arrival at the restaurant we found the actual dining room to be slightly sterile and lacking in atmosphere.	12
Ones experience is truly dampened by having to trundle up lifts and escalators, further on arrival at the restaurant we found the actual dining room to be slightly sterile and lacking in atmosphere.	22
service was reasonably quick via delivery, but the hunan beef had no spice whatsoever and the chicken chow mein really looked inedible.	5
service was reasonably quick via delivery, but the hunan beef had no spice whatsoever and the chicken chow mein really looked inedible.	0
The bar is available while you waiting for the table, the DJ is nice.	19
The bar is available while you waiting for the table, the DJ is nice.	8
The seating for dinner is uncomfortable, too close to the bar which gets really crowded since it is so small.	0
The seating for dinner is uncomfortable, too close to the bar which gets really crowded since it is so small.	19
In Short Custard Beach is located in the lower-level dining concourse of Grand Central Terminal, which features seating, many dining choices and a crowd of tourists and commuters.	2
In Short Custard Beach is located in the lower-level dining concourse of Grand Central Terminal, which features seating, many dining choices and a crowd of tourists and commuters.	19
I am not one to waste dessert but we threw away the box after taking a few bites of it.	1
I am not one to waste dessert but we threw away the box after taking a few bites of it.	21
The food wasn't impressive either- I was expecting huge portions, but my lobster ravioli was only 4 medium sized pieces, and I've tasted better at other restaurants.	0
The food wasn't impressive either- I was expecting huge portions, but my lobster ravioli was only 4 medium sized pieces, and I've tasted better at other restaurants.	23
As the afternoon progresses, you'll see as many waitstaff as customers scurrying after food carts with bill cards in hand, clutching stacks of steamers back to their tables.	6
As the afternoon progresses, you'll see as many waitstaff as customers scurrying after food carts with bill cards in hand, clutching stacks of steamers back to their tables.	1
As the afternoon progresses, you'll see as many waitstaff as customers scurrying after food carts with bill cards in hand, clutching stacks of steamers back to their tables.	19
Food was much better then I had remembered (smaller menu) Great place for lunch.	2
Food was much better then I had remembered (smaller menu) Great place for lunch.	15
Even if their service was not top notch at all times, at least the wait staff was very accommodating and respectful.	3
Even if their service was not top notch at all times, at least the wait staff was very accommodating and respectful.	8
Our waitress bought us a round of after drinks too.	8
Our waitress bought us a round of after drinks too.	1
This is the perfect place to come with a group from work, people from out of town, or just to have a drink at the bar and enjoy the atmosphere.	1
This is the perfect place to come with a group from work, people from out of town, or just to have a drink at the bar and enjoy the atmosphere.	19
This is the perfect place to come with a group from work, people from out of town, or just to have a drink at the bar and enjoy the atmosphere.	14
While you're standing around for a good half hour waiting for two plain burgers, you're being bumped into by people waiting to be seated because of the narrow passageway leading to the dining area.	3
While you're standing around for a good half hour waiting for two plain burgers, you're being bumped into by people waiting to be seated because of the narrow passageway leading to the dining area.	1
While you're standing around for a good half hour waiting for two plain burgers, you're being bumped into by people waiting to be seated because of the narrow passageway leading to the dining area.	19
after the main course the waitress brought desert menus and never came back.	6
after the main course the waitress brought desert menus and never came back.	16
When the other half of my party arrived, the waited helped us with the menu, and i was happy to know you can mix and match items in their lunch box I got the mekong box and i could not believe how great the pork sandwich was, I also enjoyed the asian salad and brownie tremendously.	16
When the other half of my party arrived, the waited helped us with the menu, and i was happy to know you can mix and match items in their lunch box I got the mekong box and i could not believe how great the pork sandwich was, I also enjoyed the asian salad and brownie tremendously.	2
When the other half of my party arrived, the waited helped us with the menu, and i was happy to know you can mix and match items in their lunch box I got the mekong box and i could not believe how great the pork sandwich was, I also enjoyed the asian salad and brownie tremendously.	22
The Scene Upstairs in a narrow, handsome but oddly shaped space, this serene, refined restaurant caters to a mostly business-oriented crowd that, auspiciously one presumes, is predominantly Japanese.	22
The Scene Upstairs in a narrow, handsome but oddly shaped space, this serene, refined restaurant caters to a mostly business-oriented crowd that, auspiciously one presumes, is predominantly Japanese.	20
The bread was served, one razor thin slice on our bread plate, by the waiter.	4
The bread was served, one razor thin slice on our bread plate, by the waiter.	6
Good value for breakfast.	23
Good value for breakfast.	1
Went here with my husband on a Saturday night for dinner since the place looked like it had great atmosphere.	1
Went here with my husband on a Saturday night for dinner since the place looked like it had great atmosphere.	19
Went here with my husband on a Saturday night for dinner since the place looked like it had great atmosphere.	14
However, unlike a lot of places the service was great: we walked in after not being able to get a reservation and were seated within 10 mins.	5
However, unlike a lot of places the service was great: we walked in after not being able to get a reservation and were seated within 10 mins.	22
I haven't tried a lot of their menu however their appitizers are tasty and fairly priced.	16
I haven't tried a lot of their menu however their appitizers are tasty and fairly priced.	2
I haven't tried a lot of their menu however their appitizers are tasty and fairly priced.	11
Highly suggest you sit at the bar for added atmosphere and generally friendly people.	19
Highly suggest you sit at the bar for added atmosphere and generally friendly people.	14
Our waitress was a bit cold but she was still attentive and food came quickly.	6
Our waitress was a bit cold but she was still attentive and food came quickly.	2
From the bottomless cup of coffee to the basket o' scones mini-muffins to the delicious entrees, Dizzy's is the place to be.	2
From the bottomless cup of coffee to the basket o' scones mini-muffins to the delicious entrees, Dizzy's is the place to be.	22
We ended up hanging out for a few hours at their bar with a staff that we felt like we've known for years.	19
We ended up hanging out for a few hours at their bar with a staff that we felt like we've known for years.	8
To SM's credit, our waiter was eventually replaced and the matre d' offered us free dessert, but we're not going back there ever again.	7
To SM's credit, our waiter was eventually replaced and the matre d' offered us free dessert, but we're not going back there ever again.	2
Be prepared to make friends with the people sitting next to you, tight seating.	22
Be prepared to make friends with the people sitting next to you, tight seating.	18
Our server was a delight, she helped guide us through the menu with honest insight.	8
Our server was a delight, she helped guide us through the menu with honest insight.	16
When I read some of the reviews in this section, I am not sure if they had diner in the same restaurant and also I would not be suprise if they decided to have their Branzino well done with butter on the side.	19
When I read some of the reviews in this section, I am not sure if they had diner in the same restaurant and also I would not be suprise if they decided to have their Branzino well done with butter on the side.	2
There's no bar, only beer and wine, and you're likely to be annoyed by unruly Park Slope offsprings, so come late and enjoy the smart wine list.	19
There's no bar, only beer and wine, and you're likely to be annoyed by unruly Park Slope offsprings, so come late and enjoy the smart wine list.	2
Not only is there very little on the menu besides steak, but you really have no choice of what cut of meat to get.	16
Not only is there very little on the menu besides steak, but you really have no choice of what cut of meat to get.	0
On top of it all, I was with family from out of town and the only reason I took them there was because a friend had mentioned the place and Coffee Shop had a little wait.	19
On top of it all, I was with family from out of town and the only reason I took them there was because a friend had mentioned the place and Coffee Shop had a little wait.	1
On top of it all, I was with family from out of town and the only reason I took them there was because a friend had mentioned the place and Coffee Shop had a little wait.	5
What I thought was a rip off was, when we were ordering, the waiter told us there was a minimum of food we can purchase.	6
What I thought was a rip off was, when we were ordering, the waiter told us there was a minimum of food we can purchase.	1
The food *was* pretty good, though, (though certainly not worth the prices) so it's worth checking out if you have an expense account to work with.	2
The food *was* pretty good, though, (though certainly not worth the prices) so it's worth checking out if you have an expense account to work with.	9
- , the desserts are sinful, the moroccan hospitality evident in the wait staff's friendliness and there is an overall ambience that makes you want to stay all night!	2
- , the desserts are sinful, the moroccan hospitality evident in the wait staff's friendliness and there is an overall ambience that makes you want to stay all night!	8
- , the desserts are sinful, the moroccan hospitality evident in the wait staff's friendliness and there is an overall ambience that makes you want to stay all night!	13
Service was good, the waiter was a little flip, but we can deal with that.	5
Service was good, the waiter was a little flip, but we can deal with that.	6
The service and atmosphere may not set your mood but when you're done you will realize that it's only the food that counts!	12
The service and atmosphere may not set your mood but when you're done you will realize that it's only the food that counts!	2
We ordered one of the specials our decent waiter mentioned, and one of the chicken dishes off the menu.	1
We ordered one of the specials our decent waiter mentioned, and one of the chicken dishes off the menu.	8
We ordered one of the specials our decent waiter mentioned, and one of the chicken dishes off the menu.	16
I got fed up waiting that I went to get the check and paid for it at the counter where my waitor was busy flirting with the cashier.	3
I got fed up waiting that I went to get the check and paid for it at the counter where my waitor was busy flirting with the cashier.	19
Although the food was in small portions, it was good.	2
Although the food was in small portions, it was good.	21
Service was at best distracted, at worst disdainful, even though we came early with a reservation and are not food novices.	3
Service was at best distracted, at worst disdainful, even though we came early with a reservation and are not food novices.	22
One example: They literally took bread from my baby, after we ordered a brick oven pizza, not food (the waiter's words).	0
One example: They literally took bread from my baby, after we ordered a brick oven pizza, not food (the waiter's words).	7
The drinks are cute as is concept--unfortunately, the service is not and neither is the wait.	2
The drinks are cute as is concept--unfortunately, the service is not and neither is the wait.	3
The garden is beautiful and romantic place to share dinner with that special someone or just with friends.	20
The garden is beautiful and romantic place to share dinner with that special someone or just with friends.	1
Seating is usually very prompt but expect a wait at peak times such as Sunday Brunch.	3
Seating is usually very prompt but expect a wait at peak times such as Sunday Brunch.	1
We ate here once and the waiter was very aggressive about pushing the specials instead of what was on the menu.	6
We ate here once and the waiter was very aggressive about pushing the specials instead of what was on the menu.	16
Though the celery root soup was super yummy - everything else was an overpriced letdown- the plates come out looking like it's the depression era.	2
Though the celery root soup was super yummy - everything else was an overpriced letdown- the plates come out looking like it's the depression era.	21
I ordered the plane no fuss SALMON and it was honestly the best salmon EVER.	22
I ordered the plane no fuss SALMON and it was honestly the best salmon EVER.	2
My boyfriend and I loved Imagine Bar and Grill.	20
My boyfriend and I loved Imagine Bar and Grill.	1
We recently visited Madiba for lunch, and our waitress was sweet but ineffective.	1
We recently visited Madiba for lunch, and our waitress was sweet but ineffective.	8
I politely asked the waitress to explain these charges noting that the menu was misleading and she got frustrated mad and then told her manager.	6
I politely asked the waitress to explain these charges noting that the menu was misleading and she got frustrated mad and then told her manager.	16
The wait staff are friendly, but they disappear after they take initial drink and food order.	8
The wait staff are friendly, but they disappear after they take initial drink and food order.	1
The wait staff are friendly, but they disappear after they take initial drink and food order.	22
had the $80 chefs tasting menu - was excellent -and we were stuffed - basically is a bit of all of their special dishes - one at a time - with sushi soup coming last.	8
had the $80 chefs tasting menu - was excellent -and we were stuffed - basically is a bit of all of their special dishes - one at a time - with sushi soup coming last.	1
I ordered a dirty martini that was not dirty at all-and when I asked the waitress to make it dirtier, instead of reshaking/making it at the bar, she broght me over some olive juice in a cup!?	0
I ordered a dirty martini that was not dirty at all-and when I asked the waitress to make it dirtier, instead of reshaking/making it at the bar, she broght me over some olive juice in a cup!?	7
I ordered a dirty martini that was not dirty at all-and when I asked the waitress to make it dirtier, instead of reshaking/making it at the bar, she broght me over some olive juice in a cup!?	19
last time, the waiter told my roommate he'd have to charge her $5 for mushrooms as one of her omelette choices (never heard that at my other favorite brunch places.	6
last time, the waiter told my roommate he'd have to charge her $5 for mushrooms as one of her omelette choices (never heard that at my other favorite brunch places.	20
My date and I were both taken back by the lack of the friendly attitude from the owner of the restaurant.	5
My date and I were both taken back by the lack of the friendly attitude from the owner of the restaurant.	7
atmosphere is not that relaxing, if you go - you MUST bring a cell phone and go down the street for a drink.	12
atmosphere is not that relaxing, if you go - you MUST bring a cell phone and go down the street for a drink.	1
Everyone says that their round slice is no good, but the Sicilian is so good that I have never tried the round.	21
Everyone says that their round slice is no good, but the Sicilian is so good that I have never tried the round.	2
My party felt like we got put in a dining room for tourist, which must have been the penalty box area for the disgruntled wait staff on duty.	19
My party felt like we got put in a dining room for tourist, which must have been the penalty box area for the disgruntled wait staff on duty.	6
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.	18
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.	5
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.	1
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.	23
I felt that the meat had little flavor(ribs and chicken) and as result I had to use A ALOT of their bbq sauce (which is good) and the ribs were not falling of the bone.	2
I felt that the meat had little flavor(ribs and chicken) and as result I had to use A ALOT of their bbq sauce (which is good) and the ribs were not falling of the bone.	12
The server (Jasmine) checked up on us periodically and was patient as she explained certain menu items.	8
The server (Jasmine) checked up on us periodically and was patient as she explained certain menu items.	1
The decor in the dinin room is a bit bland, but the service is always friendly.	12
The decor in the dinin room is a bit bland, but the service is always friendly.	19
The decor in the dinin room is a bit bland, but the service is always friendly.	5
I'd say the menu is generally below-average for the neighborhood, but if you want a burger, this is the place to go.	15
I'd say the menu is generally below-average for the neighborhood, but if you want a burger, this is the place to go.	2
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.	3
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.	1
Once seated we were greeted by a very rude waiter who threw menus at us and then snatched them away as we were ordering.	6
Once seated we were greeted by a very rude waiter who threw menus at us and then snatched them away as we were ordering.	16
The wine list is short and the wine glasses suck (not spigleau or riedel, in addition they are small for the big italian wines on the menu).	0
The wine list is short and the wine glasses suck (not spigleau or riedel, in addition they are small for the big italian wines on the menu).	16
It's a shame you can't even sample the food or sit in what is a very nice space.	1
It's a shame you can't even sample the food or sit in what is a very nice space.	20
If you don't care about the wait staff as long as they bring you your drinks and dinner, then go to Opa.	6
If you don't care about the wait staff as long as they bring you your drinks and dinner, then go to Opa.	1
Even though the place was more than half empty he refused to do so because we had already given our order to the waiter and a change of tables would cause too much confusion.	18
Even though the place was more than half empty he refused to do so because we had already given our order to the waiter and a change of tables would cause too much confusion.	7
Even though the place was more than half empty he refused to do so because we had already given our order to the waiter and a change of tables would cause too much confusion.	21
The food wasn't overwhelming, but was very tasty, and the space wasn't overcrowded or obnoxious - the waiters and waitresses were attentive and helpful, but not obtrusive.	0
The food wasn't overwhelming, but was very tasty, and the space wasn't overcrowded or obnoxious - the waiters and waitresses were attentive and helpful, but not obtrusive.	20
The food wasn't overwhelming, but was very tasty, and the space wasn't overcrowded or obnoxious - the waiters and waitresses were attentive and helpful, but not obtrusive.	8
Seemed like they got something wrong with every drink order Bartenders were def.	1
Seemed like they got something wrong with every drink order Bartenders were def.	6
A few times at the bar I felt as though the Sushi chef an older gentleman was laughing at me and my girlfriend.	19
A few times at the bar I felt as though the Sushi chef an older gentleman was laughing at me and my girlfriend.	6
Also, they upped their prices, so I have their old menu, and was surprised when my bill came to over $5 more than it used to (I know, not a huge deal).	9
Also, they upped their prices, so I have their old menu, and was surprised when my bill came to over $5 more than it used to (I know, not a huge deal).	16
They kept us waiting for more than an hour WITH a reservation and WITHOUT an apology.	3
They kept us waiting for more than an hour WITH a reservation and WITHOUT an apology.	22
Though the wait staff was attentive, when the raw (really, not al dente) potatoes were brought to our server's attention, she listened but didn't respond.	8
Though the wait staff was attentive, when the raw (really, not al dente) potatoes were brought to our server's attention, she listened but didn't respond.	0
An Egg like custard appetizer, a platter of different kinds of rolls made from: Lobster, Eel, Sword Fish, Trout, Blue Fin Tuna, Horse Mackerel, and Salmon Roe.	22
An Egg like custard appetizer, a platter of different kinds of rolls made from: Lobster, Eel, Sword Fish, Trout, Blue Fin Tuna, Horse Mackerel, and Salmon Roe.	2
Our waiter fast to get our drinks, aptz, and orders.	8
Our waiter fast to get our drinks, aptz, and orders.	1
Their service needs some work, but it is safe to say that you will enjoy the food.	3
Their service needs some work, but it is safe to say that you will enjoy the food.	2
Don't let the decor fool you because you will miss out in some of the best food you ever eaten.	12
Don't let the decor fool you because you will miss out in some of the best food you ever eaten.	2
worth every penny, and with the deals on the bar , you could drink and sing to CURRYoke all night,,,,	11
worth every penny, and with the deals on the bar , you could drink and sing to CURRYoke all night,,,,	19
worth every penny, and with the deals on the bar , you could drink and sing to CURRYoke all night,,,,	1
I naively thought dinner was served during the show, but the waiters don't come by once the shows start, so order your wine 30 mins before the show start time.	1
I naively thought dinner was served during the show, but the waiters don't come by once the shows start, so order your wine 30 mins before the show start time.	4
I naively thought dinner was served during the show, but the waiters don't come by once the shows start, so order your wine 30 mins before the show start time.	6
The Scene With three outposts around town, Sarabeth's Kitchen has become a well-known and reliable spot for casual dining at breakfast, lunch or dinner.	23
The Scene With three outposts around town, Sarabeth's Kitchen has become a well-known and reliable spot for casual dining at breakfast, lunch or dinner.	19
The Scene With three outposts around town, Sarabeth's Kitchen has become a well-known and reliable spot for casual dining at breakfast, lunch or dinner.	1
We actually enjoy eating there earlier for lunch definatly a more relaxed atmosphere.	1
We actually enjoy eating there earlier for lunch definatly a more relaxed atmosphere.	14
In addition to the two rounds of drinks, the bartender and owner were a hoot.	1
In addition to the two rounds of drinks, the bartender and owner were a hoot.	8
When I got home, there was a message on the machine because the owner realized that our waitress forgot to charge us for our wine.	6
When I got home, there was a message on the machine because the owner realized that our waitress forgot to charge us for our wine.	1
We were seated promptly there were a few people waiting in the bar, but had ordered quickly been at the table less than 45 mins.	5
We were seated promptly there were a few people waiting in the bar, but had ordered quickly been at the table less than 45 mins.	19
The waitress could have been more specific when I asked for a wine suggestion.	6
The waitress could have been more specific when I asked for a wine suggestion.	1
The uptight female manager came up to our table and rudely asked us to get up because they had a party waiting to eat.	6
The uptight female manager came up to our table and rudely asked us to get up because they had a party waiting to eat.	4
However, didnt take too long to get drinks and the hostess seated us promptly.	1
However, didnt take too long to get drinks and the hostess seated us promptly.	8
The prices are decent for this type of food and dining experience.	11
The prices are decent for this type of food and dining experience.	1
The prices are decent for this type of food and dining experience.	22
Interesting crowd for people watching - old school Italian music cranking - friendly Italian waitress brought us our wine garlic bread in no time.	14
Interesting crowd for people watching - old school Italian music cranking - friendly Italian waitress brought us our wine garlic bread in no time.	8
Interesting crowd for people watching - old school Italian music cranking - friendly Italian waitress brought us our wine garlic bread in no time.	1
Their relatively recent introduction of a version of the Sicilian pie is called the Grandma pie featuring a thin crust, much sauce, with less cheese, and chopped Basil.	2
Their relatively recent introduction of a version of the Sicilian pie is called the Grandma pie featuring a thin crust, much sauce, with less cheese, and chopped Basil.	22
Went on a Saturday with out of town tickets and the food was great but the service was awful, even surely.	2
Went on a Saturday with out of town tickets and the food was great but the service was awful, even surely.	3
Whatever happen to FAMILY STYLE Thai cooking, the portion are too small and tradtional thai cooking uses MSG which I prefer not to have in my body.	1
Whatever happen to FAMILY STYLE Thai cooking, the portion are too small and tradtional thai cooking uses MSG which I prefer not to have in my body.	21
They have possibly the worst service in New York I have waited until the waiter has finished his paper, begged for water and waited over an hour for my meal.	3
They have possibly the worst service in New York I have waited until the waiter has finished his paper, begged for water and waited over an hour for my meal.	6
They have possibly the worst service in New York I have waited until the waiter has finished his paper, begged for water and waited over an hour for my meal.	1
By the end of the meal, we were shaking hands with/hugging our waiter as we stumbled/rolled out the door.	1
By the end of the meal, we were shaking hands with/hugging our waiter as we stumbled/rolled out the door.	8
The waitress at the bar was very nasty to me because she mistakenly took an order for thai ice tea from me when I asked for thai lemonade in a to-go cup.	6
The waitress at the bar was very nasty to me because she mistakenly took an order for thai ice tea from me when I asked for thai lemonade in a to-go cup.	19
The waitress at the bar was very nasty to me because she mistakenly took an order for thai ice tea from me when I asked for thai lemonade in a to-go cup.	1
If you don't want to wait 45 minutes for a table or a long time for service then don't go @ 9pm on a Friday or Saturday night.	22
If you don't want to wait 45 minutes for a table or a long time for service then don't go @ 9pm on a Friday or Saturday night.	3
The manager also refused to remove the drink from the check, suggesting that if we didnt like it, we could simply remove the corn ourselves.	6
The manager also refused to remove the drink from the check, suggesting that if we didnt like it, we could simply remove the corn ourselves.	1
The space is cool, but the food and service were awful.	20
The space is cool, but the food and service were awful.	0
The space is cool, but the food and service were awful.	3
The place is full of flavor and color and the music just puts you in the mood for food and drinks.	19
The place is full of flavor and color and the music just puts you in the mood for food and drinks.	14
The place is full of flavor and color and the music just puts you in the mood for food and drinks.	2
I loved the food and service here, the only downside was the decor was dissappointing and the prices are a bit high (about $30 for an entree.	2
I loved the food and service here, the only downside was the decor was dissappointing and the prices are a bit high (about $30 for an entree.	5
I loved the food and service here, the only downside was the decor was dissappointing and the prices are a bit high (about $30 for an entree.	12
I loved the food and service here, the only downside was the decor was dissappointing and the prices are a bit high (about $30 for an entree.	9
Plus, everything comes in small to average portions, so the next time you get a sushi craving, I don't recommend that you go here.	21
Plus, everything comes in small to average portions, so the next time you get a sushi craving, I don't recommend that you go here.	1
we had dinner at becco on a friday night, and were seated in the left bar area, which while pretty crowded, had a manageable noise level.	1
we had dinner at becco on a friday night, and were seated in the left bar area, which while pretty crowded, had a manageable noise level.	12
We had a 9:30pm reservation for two which stretched out to an hour wait.	22
We had a 9:30pm reservation for two which stretched out to an hour wait.	3
If only they'd get a better wine list - the reds are all so mediocre - this would be the perfect meal.	21
If only they'd get a better wine list - the reds are all so mediocre - this would be the perfect meal.	2
Special touch -- my dessert plate had Happy Birthday drizzled in chocolate.	23
Special touch -- my dessert plate had Happy Birthday drizzled in chocolate.	1
The service isn't fantastic and the seating is a bit tight but if you aren't looking Four Seasons type quality, then this is the perfect spot to meet some friends for dinner or lunch.	3
The service isn't fantastic and the seating is a bit tight but if you aren't looking Four Seasons type quality, then this is the perfect spot to meet some friends for dinner or lunch.	18
The service isn't fantastic and the seating is a bit tight but if you aren't looking Four Seasons type quality, then this is the perfect spot to meet some friends for dinner or lunch.	22
The service isn't fantastic and the seating is a bit tight but if you aren't looking Four Seasons type quality, then this is the perfect spot to meet some friends for dinner or lunch.	1
This is the perfect spot to meet up with friends and have a drink at the bar or stay a while and enjoy the scene and savor the food.	23
This is the perfect spot to meet up with friends and have a drink at the bar or stay a while and enjoy the scene and savor the food.	2
This is the perfect spot to meet up with friends and have a drink at the bar or stay a while and enjoy the scene and savor the food.	19
We got the tasting menu($100 for two), which was a selection of the signature dishes.	17
We got the tasting menu($100 for two), which was a selection of the signature dishes.	1
The arrogant maitre'd was annoyed when i asked about sitting down those tables are for other reservations low and behold those tables were still open as my wife and I finished dinner.	6
The arrogant maitre'd was annoyed when i asked about sitting down those tables are for other reservations low and behold those tables were still open as my wife and I finished dinner.	22
The arrogant maitre'd was annoyed when i asked about sitting down those tables are for other reservations low and behold those tables were still open as my wife and I finished dinner.	1
Don't go if you want a serene environment to go with your sushi.	14
Don't go if you want a serene environment to go with your sushi.	1
the food is still awesome - the twist on mexican is perfect - but the service is terrible - from the apathetic hosts to the unbelievably slow servers.	2
the food is still awesome - the twist on mexican is perfect - but the service is terrible - from the apathetic hosts to the unbelievably slow servers.	6
We were here for lunch and were seated promptly in the bright, comfortable dining room.	1
We were here for lunch and were seated promptly in the bright, comfortable dining room.	5
Caravan can be a little slow sometimes, but more than makes up for it in the quality of the food and the care of wait staff.	2
Caravan can be a little slow sometimes, but more than makes up for it in the quality of the food and the care of wait staff.	4
Caravan can be a little slow sometimes, but more than makes up for it in the quality of the food and the care of wait staff.	8
Bland food, arroganrt waiters.	2
Bland food, arroganrt waiters.	6
The service is a bit slow, but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli, Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night.	3
The service is a bit slow, but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli, Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night.	1
I will definitely try dinner, but they do need to fix the kitchen shifts so that people get served in a reasonable time.	2
I will definitely try dinner, but they do need to fix the kitchen shifts so that people get served in a reasonable time.	19
I went to Ciao on a Saturday evening and the food was not up to the price asked for.	0
I went to Ciao on a Saturday evening and the food was not up to the price asked for.	10
My group and I cancelled whatever drinks we ordered (no food order since there was NO wait staff) and left.	1
My group and I cancelled whatever drinks we ordered (no food order since there was NO wait staff) and left.	6
The waiters do not tell you that and our large party wound up with over $100 extra food because all members thought dessert, coffee/tea were included - which they lead you to believe - and they weren't.	6
The waiters do not tell you that and our large party wound up with over $100 extra food because all members thought dessert, coffee/tea were included - which they lead you to believe - and they weren't.	1
On the menu, unusual offerings like mango salad, Kashmiri chicken and whole fish cooked in mustard sauce refute the strip's infamous reputation for one-sauce-fits-all cooking.	16
On the menu, unusual offerings like mango salad, Kashmiri chicken and whole fish cooked in mustard sauce refute the strip's infamous reputation for one-sauce-fits-all cooking.	2
Knock off 15-20% of the prices and you have a decent night out.	10
Knock off 15-20% of the prices and you have a decent night out.	23
had to ask the host for the check because the waitress was sitting at another table taking their order.	6
had to ask the host for the check because the waitress was sitting at another table taking their order.	10
However for one appetizer, three entree's, one shared dessert, and two bottles of white, the bill was a cool $100!	1
However for one appetizer, three entree's, one shared dessert, and two bottles of white, the bill was a cool $100!	11
We sat at the bar so the service wasn't too bad.	19
We sat at the bar so the service wasn't too bad.	5
I liked the hummos platter, the brie sandwich, and about 20 other things on the menu (if they still have the chocolate cake you need to get it).	23
I liked the hummos platter, the brie sandwich, and about 20 other things on the menu (if they still have the chocolate cake you need to get it).	2
I liked the hummos platter, the brie sandwich, and about 20 other things on the menu (if they still have the chocolate cake you need to get it).	16
But in my opinion, a great experience doesn't just pertain to food, and an evening of dining is certainly given a bad taste when the service is not up to par.	1
But in my opinion, a great experience doesn't just pertain to food, and an evening of dining is certainly given a bad taste when the service is not up to par.	3
A regular Japanese menu is available for those who would like to experience traditional Japanese cuisine.	16
A regular Japanese menu is available for those who would like to experience traditional Japanese cuisine.	2
It's in a less travelled spot on 3rd, but the intimate setting is great and romantic.	21
It's in a less travelled spot on 3rd, but the intimate setting is great and romantic.	14
The kitchen staff either cannot or will not accomodate special diets which is surprising given that there are so many fine dining establishments that do have special menus to cater to vegetarians.	6
The kitchen staff either cannot or will not accomodate special diets which is surprising given that there are so many fine dining establishments that do have special menus to cater to vegetarians.	16
It's a good place to meet up with a friend while shopping, grab lunch (although the lines do get long), dining solo, or to take home after work.	21
It's a good place to meet up with a friend while shopping, grab lunch (although the lines do get long), dining solo, or to take home after work.	1
The server also forgot about our dessert.	6
The server also forgot about our dessert.	1
The only thing that I was unhappy about was that one time, the restaurant received a delivery of supplies and the rolled it in through the dining area into the back kitchen, with the deliverymen shouting loud things to each other in chinese.	19
The only thing that I was unhappy about was that one time, the restaurant received a delivery of supplies and the rolled it in through the dining area into the back kitchen, with the deliverymen shouting loud things to each other in chinese.	6
It came with a (small) salad, large bowl of udon, and 6 pieces of sushi plus wrapped rice (not sure what that was called.	1
It came with a (small) salad, large bowl of udon, and 6 pieces of sushi plus wrapped rice (not sure what that was called.	23
We sat at the bar and were constantly bumped by the waitress flying past; had fabulously fresh raw oysters with pieces of shell in every bite; lobsters rolls were tasty but the large pieces of meat were tough; the apple crumble was excellent but the ice cream was over-frozen and the stench of frying oil was nearly unbearable.	19
We sat at the bar and were constantly bumped by the waitress flying past; had fabulously fresh raw oysters with pieces of shell in every bite; lobsters rolls were tasty but the large pieces of meat were tough; the apple crumble was excellent but the ice cream was over-frozen and the stench of frying oil was nearly unbearable.	6
We sat at the bar and were constantly bumped by the waitress flying past; had fabulously fresh raw oysters with pieces of shell in every bite; lobsters rolls were tasty but the large pieces of meat were tough; the apple crumble was excellent but the ice cream was over-frozen and the stench of frying oil was nearly unbearable.	2
best chicken in queens.	2
best chicken in queens.	22
Reservations for parties under 5 people isn't allowed but their yummy cocktails and handsome waiters help soothe the pain.	22
Reservations for parties under 5 people isn't allowed but their yummy cocktails and handsome waiters help soothe the pain.	8
Interior is limited, but there is a second floor for dining to avoid some of the main floor chatter.	18
Interior is limited, but there is a second floor for dining to avoid some of the main floor chatter.	1
Handsome baritone Nordic waiters patrol the room, proffering fresh-squeezed juices and $4-a-person pots of French press coffee.	8
Handsome baritone Nordic waiters patrol the room, proffering fresh-squeezed juices and $4-a-person pots of French press coffee.	1
The bartender said that they didn't have one, but did say, We have mixed drinks.	6
The bartender said that they didn't have one, but did say, We have mixed drinks.	1
It seemed to take the new staff forever to figure out what they were doing; I had one nightmare of a brunch where the registers didn't seem to work and it literally took over an hour to get our check.	6
It seemed to take the new staff forever to figure out what they were doing; I had one nightmare of a brunch where the registers didn't seem to work and it literally took over an hour to get our check.	1
The waitress was slow and forgot drinks and food we ordered.	6
The waitress was slow and forgot drinks and food we ordered.	1
The waiter was not attentive he gave me the wrong drink twice and the bill for three people who had appertizers, a drink and an entree was $200.	6
The waiter was not attentive he gave me the wrong drink twice and the bill for three people who had appertizers, a drink and an entree was $200.	1
A bustling crew of sage green-shirted servers whisk plates of luncheon and light dinner favorites to power lunchers, tourists, and ladies who lunch.	6
A bustling crew of sage green-shirted servers whisk plates of luncheon and light dinner favorites to power lunchers, tourists, and ladies who lunch.	22
A bustling crew of sage green-shirted servers whisk plates of luncheon and light dinner favorites to power lunchers, tourists, and ladies who lunch.	1
the place has an awesome decore, with fish swiming below certain tables.	14
the place has an awesome decore, with fish swiming below certain tables.	2
the place has an awesome decore, with fish swiming below certain tables.	19
When one purchases a bottle of wine, it's fairly common practice for a server to come by and refill your glass, but not the case here; 2.	6
When one purchases a bottle of wine, it's fairly common practice for a server to come by and refill your glass, but not the case here; 2.	22
Service: Below Average, the staff joked stood around in the dinning room joking around with each other.	3
Service: Below Average, the staff joked stood around in the dinning room joking around with each other.	6
Service: Below Average, the staff joked stood around in the dinning room joking around with each other.	19
Although the dining area is a bit small you'll feel at home as the owner is very friendly and talkative.	18
Although the dining area is a bit small you'll feel at home as the owner is very friendly and talkative.	8
In April, the service was fair but again, the food was at best only warm.	5
In April, the service was fair but again, the food was at best only warm.	0
Increedible value, 3 courses $20 price fixe(menu changes everyday), organic seldom seen wines all around $20.	23
Increedible value, 3 courses $20 price fixe(menu changes everyday), organic seldom seen wines all around $20.	16
Perhaps it was because the 20% tip was already added to the bill, but the waiter brought us plain gazpacho without any of the other ingredients described on the menu; later, when we complained, he brought us saucers of garnish instead of new bowls of the soup properly prepared.	10
Perhaps it was because the 20% tip was already added to the bill, but the waiter brought us plain gazpacho without any of the other ingredients described on the menu; later, when we complained, he brought us saucers of garnish instead of new bowls of the soup properly prepared.	6
Perhaps it was because the 20% tip was already added to the bill, but the waiter brought us plain gazpacho without any of the other ingredients described on the menu; later, when we complained, he brought us saucers of garnish instead of new bowls of the soup properly prepared.	1
Perhaps it was because the 20% tip was already added to the bill, but the waiter brought us plain gazpacho without any of the other ingredients described on the menu; later, when we complained, he brought us saucers of garnish instead of new bowls of the soup properly prepared.	23
Yes the wait is dreafully long, the place feels a bit uncomfortable to talk in with your dining partner, but the food is excellent none the less.	3
Yes the wait is dreafully long, the place feels a bit uncomfortable to talk in with your dining partner, but the food is excellent none the less.	2
The host came by and told us that they made a mistake and would have to seat us at a two-person table.	6
The host came by and told us that they made a mistake and would have to seat us at a two-person table.	22
The atmosphere couldn't be better, and the service was outstanding -- at the time there were only two people working the entire bar, and we still got taken care of like it was a five star restaurant.	14
The atmosphere couldn't be better, and the service was outstanding -- at the time there were only two people working the entire bar, and we still got taken care of like it was a five star restaurant.	5
The atmosphere couldn't be better, and the service was outstanding -- at the time there were only two people working the entire bar, and we still got taken care of like it was a five star restaurant.	19
The food was great so that made up for the lack of service from the waitress.	2
The food was great so that made up for the lack of service from the waitress.	3
The waitress apologized for the long wait and said they would give us some free drinks or desert since they forgot about our orders but we never received anything and by the time we got the bill we just wanted to pay and leave.	6
The waitress apologized for the long wait and said they would give us some free drinks or desert since they forgot about our orders but we never received anything and by the time we got the bill we just wanted to pay and leave.	2
When my family and I visited, we were hearded in and out of the restaurant like cattle; not once did our waiter ask how are meal was, and the waitress mixed up our steaks.	1
When my family and I visited, we were hearded in and out of the restaurant like cattle; not once did our waiter ask how are meal was, and the waitress mixed up our steaks.	6
Music is a nice mix of everything from Aerosmith to James Brown to Metallica to disco to whatever else there is.	13
Music is a nice mix of everything from Aerosmith to James Brown to Metallica to disco to whatever else there is.	23
The Food The menu is a paper buffet--pick your cut of meat, dress it in either a sauce or a baked-on chapeau and then pick accessories, such as Yukon gold mashed potatoes, bitter greens or wilted tomatoes with blue cheese.	16
The Food The menu is a paper buffet--pick your cut of meat, dress it in either a sauce or a baked-on chapeau and then pick accessories, such as Yukon gold mashed potatoes, bitter greens or wilted tomatoes with blue cheese.	0
Our waiter (the one with the Spanish accent) was a bit pre-occupied with other things- hardly coming around to the table and nowhere to be seen most of the time.	6
Our waiter (the one with the Spanish accent) was a bit pre-occupied with other things- hardly coming around to the table and nowhere to be seen most of the time.	22
If you want peace quiet, ambience and patient service, go elsewhere.	13
If you want peace quiet, ambience and patient service, go elsewhere.	5
The only time the waitress paid any attention to us was when she took our order and at the end of our meal to ask if we wanted dessert (by then we had already packed up our leftovers and were waiting for change from our bill).	6
The only time the waitress paid any attention to us was when she took our order and at the end of our meal to ask if we wanted dessert (by then we had already packed up our leftovers and were waiting for change from our bill).	1
Great food -- but some of the worst service in the neighborhood.	2
Great food -- but some of the worst service in the neighborhood.	3
Worth the trip over the bridge, worth the search for parking, worth the wait for a table at dinner time and worthy of a ten rating.	23
Worth the trip over the bridge, worth the search for parking, worth the wait for a table at dinner time and worthy of a ten rating.	1
The atmosphere is perfect, whether sitting down for dinner or just having a drink at the bar and engaging the friendly bartenders in converasation.	14
The atmosphere is perfect, whether sitting down for dinner or just having a drink at the bar and engaging the friendly bartenders in converasation.	1
The atmosphere is perfect, whether sitting down for dinner or just having a drink at the bar and engaging the friendly bartenders in converasation.	8
The server came to us and was sooo hot, he went over the menu and specials with us.	8
The server came to us and was sooo hot, he went over the menu and specials with us.	16
The Service was en pointe and I felt like the servers were always aware of our wants, whether it was punctual refill of water, new napkins, etc.	8
The Service was en pointe and I felt like the servers were always aware of our wants, whether it was punctual refill of water, new napkins, etc.	1
Reasonable prices for Cuban food in the city.	11
Reasonable prices for Cuban food in the city.	1
This is the kind of place that is suppose to have pushy waiters and a loud atmosphere.	19
This is the kind of place that is suppose to have pushy waiters and a loud atmosphere.	6
This is the kind of place that is suppose to have pushy waiters and a loud atmosphere.	12
Although the food was good, the way our waiter treated us was so rude and bad-mannered that it almost ruined our night and he even asked us to give him a better tip!!!	2
Although the food was good, the way our waiter treated us was so rude and bad-mannered that it almost ruined our night and he even asked us to give him a better tip!!!	6
Although the food was good, the way our waiter treated us was so rude and bad-mannered that it almost ruined our night and he even asked us to give him a better tip!!!	11
the pre dinner drink at the bar was very pleasant, good start, although we waited up to about an hour before our table was ready.	2
the pre dinner drink at the bar was very pleasant, good start, although we waited up to about an hour before our table was ready.	19
A simple dish like Fattouch or Tabbouleh are turned into the most delicious salad youll ever have.	2
A simple dish like Fattouch or Tabbouleh are turned into the most delicious salad youll ever have.	22
I thought the service was a little slow and not attentive enough for the price but other than that I'll be back when I can afford to spend $60 on dinner!	9
I thought the service was a little slow and not attentive enough for the price but other than that I'll be back when I can afford to spend $60 on dinner!	1
Since I listened closely, I know they were a party of 2 without any reservation The manager then offered to seat us but we left.	22
Since I listened closely, I know they were a party of 2 without any reservation The manager then offered to seat us but we left.	6
The feeling of unwelcomeness was especially prevalent due to the fact that our waiter hovered over our table and immediately cleared the table of dishes and glasses, some of which were still full in order to get us out the door ASAP.	6
The feeling of unwelcomeness was especially prevalent due to the fact that our waiter hovered over our table and immediately cleared the table of dishes and glasses, some of which were still full in order to get us out the door ASAP.	1
The menu features American bistro dishes like crab cakes, chicken under a brick, fresh oysters and various seafood dishes.	16
The menu features American bistro dishes like crab cakes, chicken under a brick, fresh oysters and various seafood dishes.	2
Another hour waiting for our food, we spoke to the manager, he told us he would give us a discount off our bill.	4
Another hour waiting for our food, we spoke to the manager, he told us he would give us a discount off our bill.	1
Another hour waiting for our food, we spoke to the manager, he told us he would give us a discount off our bill.	8
Went to Butter on Monday night for a friend's birthday dinner at like 11:00pm, the kitchen was supposedly closed, but we spoke to the manager and we were seated promptly.	1
Went to Butter on Monday night for a friend's birthday dinner at like 11:00pm, the kitchen was supposedly closed, but we spoke to the manager and we were seated promptly.	19
Went to Butter on Monday night for a friend's birthday dinner at like 11:00pm, the kitchen was supposedly closed, but we spoke to the manager and we were seated promptly.	8
yes this place has good pizza but HORRIFIC HORRIFIC delivery service.	2
yes this place has good pizza but HORRIFIC HORRIFIC delivery service.	3
A simple shrimp seviche with fresh cocktail sauce shines on the lunch menu, while dinner items tend to be more sophisticated, such as turkey filet mignon with bacon and a bold mole negro.	2
A simple shrimp seviche with fresh cocktail sauce shines on the lunch menu, while dinner items tend to be more sophisticated, such as turkey filet mignon with bacon and a bold mole negro.	16
Unless you like getting bumped by waiters and people walking by, do not sit at a middle table.	6
Unless you like getting bumped by waiters and people walking by, do not sit at a middle table.	22
Nice decor poor food poor service.	14
Nice decor poor food poor service.	0
Nice decor poor food poor service.	3
I expected high prices at Nello, but as I looked at the menu my eyes became as large as the Birkin Mary-Kate has been seen toting around these days--$18 for soup, $22 for a plate of mixed greens, $40 for pasta.	9
I expected high prices at Nello, but as I looked at the menu my eyes became as large as the Birkin Mary-Kate has been seen toting around these days--$18 for soup, $22 for a plate of mixed greens, $40 for pasta.	16
I expected high prices at Nello, but as I looked at the menu my eyes became as large as the Birkin Mary-Kate has been seen toting around these days--$18 for soup, $22 for a plate of mixed greens, $40 for pasta.	1
While the food was good and reasonably priced, the service was horrible.	2
While the food was good and reasonably priced, the service was horrible.	3
Atmosphere, I'd give to Rosa or Maya, but Mexican fare at Zarela is tops.	12
Atmosphere, I'd give to Rosa or Maya, but Mexican fare at Zarela is tops.	2
not to mention that the waiter offered putting a scoop of ice cream on my dessert.	6
not to mention that the waiter offered putting a scoop of ice cream on my dessert.	1
The kitchen is fast, but you sometime may have trouble getting a seat, since this place is very small.	20
The kitchen is fast, but you sometime may have trouble getting a seat, since this place is very small.	21
The atmosphere's a bit grungy, yes, but the music and the coffee are good.	12
The atmosphere's a bit grungy, yes, but the music and the coffee are good.	2
If you want a quiet dinner don't show up late, cuz the atmosphere gets louder and more loungy as the nite goes on.	2
If you want a quiet dinner don't show up late, cuz the atmosphere gets louder and more loungy as the nite goes on.	12
After a few minutes, seeing we were without menus, a slightly more pleasant waitress approached us and explained that the manageress had asthma and wasn't in a good mood.	16
After a few minutes, seeing we were without menus, a slightly more pleasant waitress approached us and explained that the manageress had asthma and wasn't in a good mood.	8
The servers didn't know what tables the meals were going to, it was a complete comedy show.	6
The servers didn't know what tables the meals were going to, it was a complete comedy show.	19
The servers didn't know what tables the meals were going to, it was a complete comedy show.	1
The only other negative, we found the waiter to be slightly pompous, and when I asked him some very basic wine questions, he was lost.	6
The only other negative, we found the waiter to be slightly pompous, and when I asked him some very basic wine questions, he was lost.	1
Our waiter was courteous and knew the menu well, though he was a little pushy with the bottles of wine.	8
Our waiter was courteous and knew the menu well, though he was a little pushy with the bottles of wine.	17
Our waiter was courteous and knew the menu well, though he was a little pushy with the bottles of wine.	1
My two best friends took me to Cafe Gray for my birthday and by the end of the dinner, they were apologizing for the poor service and so-so food.	1
My two best friends took me to Cafe Gray for my birthday and by the end of the dinner, they were apologizing for the poor service and so-so food.	3
The outdoor tables overlooking bucolic Irving Place, or the wooden ones inside, are prime spots for brunch featuring all the usual suspects--omelets, pancakes, French toast--served on cast iron skillets and griddles.	19
The outdoor tables overlooking bucolic Irving Place, or the wooden ones inside, are prime spots for brunch featuring all the usual suspects--omelets, pancakes, French toast--served on cast iron skillets and griddles.	1
The outdoor tables overlooking bucolic Irving Place, or the wooden ones inside, are prime spots for brunch featuring all the usual suspects--omelets, pancakes, French toast--served on cast iron skillets and griddles.	23
With the large crowds here and the larger menu, be prepared to wait for your dinner to arrive at your table.	23
With the large crowds here and the larger menu, be prepared to wait for your dinner to arrive at your table.	1
Well I can't tell you how the food was because the moment we walked in, the single waiter was extremely rude and told us to wait outside while he cleared a table (in the middle of winter) because he was busy.	1
Well I can't tell you how the food was because the moment we walked in, the single waiter was extremely rude and told us to wait outside while he cleared a table (in the middle of winter) because he was busy.	6
Well I can't tell you how the food was because the moment we walked in, the single waiter was extremely rude and told us to wait outside while he cleared a table (in the middle of winter) because he was busy.	22
junk food place that could do well with a good cleaning.	19
junk food place that could do well with a good cleaning.	23
And while a narrow wood counter and three stools provide desperation seating, most folks choose to take lunch and dinner to go.	21
And while a narrow wood counter and three stools provide desperation seating, most folks choose to take lunch and dinner to go.	18
And while a narrow wood counter and three stools provide desperation seating, most folks choose to take lunch and dinner to go.	1
All-night restaurant with excellent burgers and stella on tap.	2
All-night restaurant with excellent burgers and stella on tap.	22
The manager came personally to apologize and to my surprise, he brought me the drink, a big chocolate chip cookie, and a bag of chips!!!	8
The manager came personally to apologize and to my surprise, he brought me the drink, a big chocolate chip cookie, and a bag of chips!!!	1
I went anyway and was greeted by the rude owner who practicly ripped our outside drink from our hands (although we were trying to throw it out anyway.	6
I went anyway and was greeted by the rude owner who practicly ripped our outside drink from our hands (although we were trying to throw it out anyway.	1
it's a very chill spot to hang with a group, I went there with a bunch of my friends to have drinks for my birthday and we all had a great time.	23
it's a very chill spot to hang with a group, I went there with a bunch of my friends to have drinks for my birthday and we all had a great time.	1
The upside of the smallish portions is that a good sake can do a better job working over one's date, and you don't leave the table w/ a food coma.	21
The upside of the smallish portions is that a good sake can do a better job working over one's date, and you don't leave the table w/ a food coma.	1
I don't claim that the place as the most authentic, but when you're talking about Southeast Asian street food, which really represents a melting pot of cultures and have slight variation in style for many similarly-named dishes depending where yuo're specifically from, who's to claim what's authentic?	20
I don't claim that the place as the most authentic, but when you're talking about Southeast Asian street food, which really represents a melting pot of cultures and have slight variation in style for many similarly-named dishes depending where yuo're specifically from, who's to claim what's authentic?	1
I don't claim that the place as the most authentic, but when you're talking about Southeast Asian street food, which really represents a melting pot of cultures and have slight variation in style for many similarly-named dishes depending where yuo're specifically from, who's to claim what's authentic?	22
I have never been to an establishment that boasts traditional French service that basically throws food at you; waiters not only reach across the table but drip wine and water all over their diners.	1
I have never been to an establishment that boasts traditional French service that basically throws food at you; waiters not only reach across the table but drip wine and water all over their diners.	6
Amarin's food is always fresh, although the quality does vary--avoid ordering on Friday Saturday nights, prime dining hours, when they seem to throw things togehter a little too haphazardly.	2
Amarin's food is always fresh, although the quality does vary--avoid ordering on Friday Saturday nights, prime dining hours, when they seem to throw things togehter a little too haphazardly.	21
i just wish they wld drop some staff though, sometimes you feel like your being stalked by waiters, waiters helper, waterperson, busperson, food runner, supervisors, managers.	6
i just wish they wld drop some staff though, sometimes you feel like your being stalked by waiters, waiters helper, waterperson, busperson, food runner, supervisors, managers.	1
not fancy I think they keep their christmas decorations up all year long, but good mexican food!!	21
not fancy I think they keep their christmas decorations up all year long, but good mexican food!!	2
She's watching your table, helping the staff candy to your eyes.	22
She's watching your table, helping the staff candy to your eyes.	8
I would definitely recommend getting reservations as the wait can be very long.	22
I would definitely recommend getting reservations as the wait can be very long.	3
Once seated the waiter took our drink orders only to return 10 minutes later with the wrong drinks.	6
Once seated the waiter took our drink orders only to return 10 minutes later with the wrong drinks.	0
Once seated the waiter took our drink orders only to return 10 minutes later with the wrong drinks.	22
Someone should tell these people that high prices on the menu does not make your restaurant better.	9
Someone should tell these people that high prices on the menu does not make your restaurant better.	16
Lastly, after spending a little over an hour and most of that time waiting for our food to arrive the manager barked at us to leave to make room for another party that had been waiting for 25 minutes!	6
Lastly, after spending a little over an hour and most of that time waiting for our food to arrive the manager barked at us to leave to make room for another party that had been waiting for 25 minutes!	19
This Restaurant was very  Ask to the waiter or waitress to give you a table in the back room where all the romance of the place is situated with a so-called chimney!!	6
This Restaurant was very  Ask to the waiter or waitress to give you a table in the back room where all the romance of the place is situated with a so-called chimney!!	19
This past Memorial day weekend was hot and I asked the waiter why was the air condition not working and he responded doens't know why.	6
This past Memorial day weekend was hot and I asked the waiter why was the air condition not working and he responded doens't know why.	13
There is nothing else on the menu except for exotic teas and cold beverages, but with a meal this cheap and delightful, who would care?	16
There is nothing else on the menu except for exotic teas and cold beverages, but with a meal this cheap and delightful, who would care?	2
Food was good although menu was a little limited(still plenty to chose from).	2
Food was good although menu was a little limited(still plenty to chose from).	15
On each of my several visits, the crowd is local, professional, family and those who are not familiar with the cuisines of India are deftly walked through the menu by management.	23
On each of my several visits, the crowd is local, professional, family and those who are not familiar with the cuisines of India are deftly walked through the menu by management.	1
On each of my several visits, the crowd is local, professional, family and those who are not familiar with the cuisines of India are deftly walked through the menu by management.	16
On each of my several visits, the crowd is local, professional, family and those who are not familiar with the cuisines of India are deftly walked through the menu by management.	7
Delicious appetizers and entrees, our server recommended a wonderful bottle of wine, and we couldn't resist dessert.	2
Delicious appetizers and entrees, our server recommended a wonderful bottle of wine, and we couldn't resist dessert.	7
After I have my dinner I try to talk to the manager and let him know that he had very good workers and that he should be more considerate with them and the answer that I got from him was (THey can leave I don't care).	1
After I have my dinner I try to talk to the manager and let him know that he had very good workers and that he should be more considerate with them and the answer that I got from him was (THey can leave I don't care).	8
Its great for people who want to try Korean food, but can't understand the servers or the menu on 32nd St.	2
Its great for people who want to try Korean food, but can't understand the servers or the menu on 32nd St.	7
Its great for people who want to try Korean food, but can't understand the servers or the menu on 32nd St.	16
The huge terrace is just so beautiful--and rumor has it they'll be tenting the space this fall, so we midtowners can continue to dine outside through the end of the year.	23
The huge terrace is just so beautiful--and rumor has it they'll be tenting the space this fall, so we midtowners can continue to dine outside through the end of the year.	19
This much heralded restaurant brought my wife and I some excitement as we walked in the door, but we were met with an awkward maitre'd who barely spoke to us at all and just seemed standoff-ish.	22
This much heralded restaurant brought my wife and I some excitement as we walked in the door, but we were met with an awkward maitre'd who barely spoke to us at all and just seemed standoff-ish.	6
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine, for the price paid, I expected it to have some type of flavor.	10
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine, for the price paid, I expected it to have some type of flavor.	12
When I saw it on the menu I didn't beleive it and was not expecting the real thing.	16
When I saw it on the menu I didn't beleive it and was not expecting the real thing.	21
It took the waiter over a 1/2 hour to come over to tell us the specials.	6
It took the waiter over a 1/2 hour to come over to tell us the specials.	1
even when they informed us they were out of the port we chose to accompany our dessert, the manager made sure that we were offered an even better bottle that wasn't even featured on the menu.	1
even when they informed us they were out of the port we chose to accompany our dessert, the manager made sure that we were offered an even better bottle that wasn't even featured on the menu.	7
even when they informed us they were out of the port we chose to accompany our dessert, the manager made sure that we were offered an even better bottle that wasn't even featured on the menu.	23
even when they informed us they were out of the port we chose to accompany our dessert, the manager made sure that we were offered an even better bottle that wasn't even featured on the menu.	16
Many meals were delivered by two servers, besides having a waiter to oversea the process.	2
Many meals were delivered by two servers, besides having a waiter to oversea the process.	7
Obviously bz place, greeting was less than welcoming, service was adequate from less than friendly waiters, steak for 2 was anything but spectacular served with sauce that's better suited for seafood than meat.	5
Obviously bz place, greeting was less than welcoming, service was adequate from less than friendly waiters, steak for 2 was anything but spectacular served with sauce that's better suited for seafood than meat.	6
Obviously bz place, greeting was less than welcoming, service was adequate from less than friendly waiters, steak for 2 was anything but spectacular served with sauce that's better suited for seafood than meat.	1
I have been to Blue Ribbon Sushi at least 75 times and have never ordered the same dish twice, that's how awesome the menu is.	1
I have been to Blue Ribbon Sushi at least 75 times and have never ordered the same dish twice, that's how awesome the menu is.	17
Anyway we get a table and order some appetizers from one of the waitresses who was pleasently nice.	22
Anyway we get a table and order some appetizers from one of the waitresses who was pleasently nice.	1
Anyway we get a table and order some appetizers from one of the waitresses who was pleasently nice.	8
If it was outstanding I could see it as a nice change for lunch, but the peanut butter wasn't any better than one you could buy at any grocery store and the chocolate peanut butter brownie was horrible.	23
If it was outstanding I could see it as a nice change for lunch, but the peanut butter wasn't any better than one you could buy at any grocery store and the chocolate peanut butter brownie was horrible.	1
It's served cold with carmelized onions atop, with mashed potatoes on the side and it's the best darn thing this side of the Hudson.	5
It's served cold with carmelized onions atop, with mashed potatoes on the side and it's the best darn thing this side of the Hudson.	1
It's served cold with carmelized onions atop, with mashed potatoes on the side and it's the best darn thing this side of the Hudson.	23
Every item on the menu tasted like it had been lovingly perfected- from the pulled pork sandwich on white roll to the smokey baked beans, buttery mac-n-cheese, and slightly spicey coleslaw.	16
Every item on the menu tasted like it had been lovingly perfected- from the pulled pork sandwich on white roll to the smokey baked beans, buttery mac-n-cheese, and slightly spicey coleslaw.	2
When we proceeded to order our food, the waitress interrupted and told us that maybe we had ordered enough for now.	1
When we proceeded to order our food, the waitress interrupted and told us that maybe we had ordered enough for now.	8
I have been coming here for several years and know that the staff and bartender would be there with my favorite drinks and dishes I like to eat and drink on any given night.	7
I have been coming here for several years and know that the staff and bartender would be there with my favorite drinks and dishes I like to eat and drink on any given night.	2
We were a bit chatty so it took us a while to decide what to order, but when we made it abundantly clear we were ready (closed the menu, looked around for our waiter) he was slammed from the recent filling of the space.	16
We were a bit chatty so it took us a while to decide what to order, but when we made it abundantly clear we were ready (closed the menu, looked around for our waiter) he was slammed from the recent filling of the space.	6
Thankfully, a succinct menu leaves little to ponder--and, despite the high churn, burgers always arrive as specified.	16
Thankfully, a succinct menu leaves little to ponder--and, despite the high churn, burgers always arrive as specified.	2
as of late though(maybe change of ownership)the food quality dropped with the menu change and the service got worse.	0
as of late though(maybe change of ownership)the food quality dropped with the menu change and the service got worse.	16
as of late though(maybe change of ownership)the food quality dropped with the menu change and the service got worse.	3
Be prepared to wait for a table - go to the upstairs bar and crack open a bottle of wine, or a nice bottle of Italian beer, and get to know everyone else waiting - who knows, you could be sitting with them for dinner!	22
Be prepared to wait for a table - go to the upstairs bar and crack open a bottle of wine, or a nice bottle of Italian beer, and get to know everyone else waiting - who knows, you could be sitting with them for dinner!	19
Be prepared to wait for a table - go to the upstairs bar and crack open a bottle of wine, or a nice bottle of Italian beer, and get to know everyone else waiting - who knows, you could be sitting with them for dinner!	2
Orange Valve is probably the best bar that I've been to in a while.	1
Orange Valve is probably the best bar that I've been to in a while.	20
When asked what the waitress recommended she just named a few things off the menu without saying why.	6
When asked what the waitress recommended she just named a few things off the menu without saying why.	16
You may as well just extend the bar into the restaurant since it has already penetrated it with loud music, loud voices, and a remarkable amount of cigarette smoke.	19
You may as well just extend the bar into the restaurant since it has already penetrated it with loud music, loud voices, and a remarkable amount of cigarette smoke.	12
You may as well just extend the bar into the restaurant since it has already penetrated it with loud music, loud voices, and a remarkable amount of cigarette smoke.	21
The atmosphere is nice, food is really worth it, especially for such prices, but service sucks:  I first ordered 2 different martinis and never got the one I asked for;  they brought the wrong dishes -although it was quick!- and then we had to ask for chopsticks to be able to eat our dishes.	14
The atmosphere is nice, food is really worth it, especially for such prices, but service sucks:  I first ordered 2 different martinis and never got the one I asked for;  they brought the wrong dishes -although it was quick!- and then we had to ask for chopsticks to be able to eat our dishes.	2
The atmosphere is nice, food is really worth it, especially for such prices, but service sucks:  I first ordered 2 different martinis and never got the one I asked for;  they brought the wrong dishes -although it was quick!- and then we had to ask for chopsticks to be able to eat our dishes.	11
The atmosphere is nice, food is really worth it, especially for such prices, but service sucks:  I first ordered 2 different martinis and never got the one I asked for;  they brought the wrong dishes -although it was quick!- and then we had to ask for chopsticks to be able to eat our dishes.	3
The waiter, who was missing when we wanted to place our order, hovered over us throughout the meal, as if in a hurry to get us out of there.	6
The waiter, who was missing when we wanted to place our order, hovered over us throughout the meal, as if in a hurry to get us out of there.	1
When we finally got to order, we were told the bartender wasn't there, so we couldn't order any drinks.	6
When we finally got to order, we were told the bartender wasn't there, so we couldn't order any drinks.	1
I asked the captain to bring the food in separate bags and he loudly said, Oh, I guess you are not getting lucky tonight.	6
I asked the captain to bring the food in separate bags and he loudly said, Oh, I guess you are not getting lucky tonight.	1
Our waitress was rather un-friendly, seemed annoyed that we didn't want appetizers and we waited 15 minutes before our wine arrived.	6
Our waitress was rather un-friendly, seemed annoyed that we didn't want appetizers and we waited 15 minutes before our wine arrived.	1
It says it on the menu and the servers explain it to you as soon as you sit down so I'm surprised by how many people on this site complain about the portion sizes.	16
It says it on the menu and the servers explain it to you as soon as you sit down so I'm surprised by how many people on this site complain about the portion sizes.	6
It says it on the menu and the servers explain it to you as soon as you sit down so I'm surprised by how many people on this site complain about the portion sizes.	21
Faux Models/Waiters hustle around the tight spaced restaurant, while the bar is crowded with waiting patrons and dates enjoying a drink.	19
Faux Models/Waiters hustle around the tight spaced restaurant, while the bar is crowded with waiting patrons and dates enjoying a drink.	3
I had to stare out waitress down to get our check and also we were charge.	6
I had to stare out waitress down to get our check and also we were charge.	10
Anyhow, there were a lot of Japanese people seated at the bar, eating chatting up the chefs, surely that's a good sign of authentic sushi.	4
Anyhow, there were a lot of Japanese people seated at the bar, eating chatting up the chefs, surely that's a good sign of authentic sushi.	19
Anyhow, there were a lot of Japanese people seated at the bar, eating chatting up the chefs, surely that's a good sign of authentic sushi.	8
Anyhow, there were a lot of Japanese people seated at the bar, eating chatting up the chefs, surely that's a good sign of authentic sushi.	2
The servers are constantly in your face asking if you want another drink (mine was half full).	6
The servers are constantly in your face asking if you want another drink (mine was half full).	1
Sam and the staff at Rialto were so accomodating and gave us a dinner event we will always remember.	8
Sam and the staff at Rialto were so accomodating and gave us a dinner event we will always remember.	1
I tried several dishes, while at dinner with friends, and was amazed to discover that even their Caesar Salad was completely lacking in flavor.	1
I tried several dishes, while at dinner with friends, and was amazed to discover that even their Caesar Salad was completely lacking in flavor.	12
Just finished a tasty jerked chicken dinner that was too pricey for the subpar service and good, but not great food.	2
Just finished a tasty jerked chicken dinner that was too pricey for the subpar service and good, but not great food.	3
Our waiter brought out three main courses, but the fourth wasn't ready so we had to wait for 10 minutes for the last dish to arrive, but they were very nice and gave us free red pepper hummus while we waited.	7
Our waiter brought out three main courses, but the fourth wasn't ready so we had to wait for 10 minutes for the last dish to arrive, but they were very nice and gave us free red pepper hummus while we waited.	2
Outside the realm of steak, things aren't so certain: The pork chops can be a bit tough, lobster tails aren't the greatest and the special salad isn't.	22
Outside the realm of steak, things aren't so certain: The pork chops can be a bit tough, lobster tails aren't the greatest and the special salad isn't.	0
So we left, the menu looked decent but you have to go when you can get one of the 2 or 3 tables.	17
So we left, the menu looked decent but you have to go when you can get one of the 2 or 3 tables.	19
) While the location and ambiance sure are nice, I found the price a bit expensive considering the quality of the food was nothing spectacular.	20
) While the location and ambiance sure are nice, I found the price a bit expensive considering the quality of the food was nothing spectacular.	0
After dinner we ordered a hookah and after 20 minutes waitress comes by and tried to take it away because she claims our table is reserve for another group in 10 minute.	1
After dinner we ordered a hookah and after 20 minutes waitress comes by and tried to take it away because she claims our table is reserve for another group in 10 minute.	6
of course i haven't mentioned the fact that we walked in on time for our reservation only to wait in the empty bar for over half an hour, being seated when we reminded the hostess that we were still waiting.	22
of course i haven't mentioned the fact that we walked in on time for our reservation only to wait in the empty bar for over half an hour, being seated when we reminded the hostess that we were still waiting.	19
of course i haven't mentioned the fact that we walked in on time for our reservation only to wait in the empty bar for over half an hour, being seated when we reminded the hostess that we were still waiting.	6
We started ordering wine and, since we don't know much about it, we decided to let the waiter choose for us; we were pleased with his recommendation.	1
We started ordering wine and, since we don't know much about it, we decided to let the waiter choose for us; we were pleased with his recommendation.	8
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.	0
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.	22
Dominic will give you the ambience of the old times when they were all immigrants and good food was equivalent of good friends and unforgettable times.	13
Dominic will give you the ambience of the old times when they were all immigrants and good food was equivalent of good friends and unforgettable times.	2
I dined there on a Wednesday night, the restaurant was practically empty, and we had to ask our waiter for everything, the menu, more water, the check, etc.	6
I dined there on a Wednesday night, the restaurant was practically empty, and we had to ask our waiter for everything, the menu, more water, the check, etc.	16
I dined there on a Wednesday night, the restaurant was practically empty, and we had to ask our waiter for everything, the menu, more water, the check, etc.	1
The Food The key element to a proper British chip is fat, and the flabby, pale yellow specimens here come close to the ideal.	1
The Food The key element to a proper British chip is fat, and the flabby, pale yellow specimens here come close to the ideal.	23
i always get the apple pie, but the past two times i visited, the waiter burnt the pie while he was supposed to warm it up.	1
i always get the apple pie, but the past two times i visited, the waiter burnt the pie while he was supposed to warm it up.	6
The food ranges from okay to delicious and the service varies from great to poor.	2
The food ranges from okay to delicious and the service varies from great to poor.	4
The menu has been changed to a mostly unhealthy one, adding bacon even to the fish dishes (sometimes with no notice), so if youre looking for vegetarian or even just healthy seafood dishes, you wont find much.	15
The menu has been changed to a mostly unhealthy one, adding bacon even to the fish dishes (sometimes with no notice), so if youre looking for vegetarian or even just healthy seafood dishes, you wont find much.	2
When we mentioned that we had theatre tickets, the waiter made certain that our dishes were served promptly and courteously.	8
When we mentioned that we had theatre tickets, the waiter made certain that our dishes were served promptly and courteously.	1
When we mentioned that we had theatre tickets, the waiter made certain that our dishes were served promptly and courteously.	5
I have tolerated the fact that the place is packed on weekends, pricey and not that great drinks, often poor music on Saturdays, and bottle service that is slowly turning into a must.	19
I have tolerated the fact that the place is packed on weekends, pricey and not that great drinks, often poor music on Saturdays, and bottle service that is slowly turning into a must.	0
Server Sean Toussaint suggested specials and specialties worth the $$$ price.	8
Server Sean Toussaint suggested specials and specialties worth the $$$ price.	1
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.	2
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.	9
The menu is a bit different and all of the selections are pretty tasty.	16
The menu is a bit different and all of the selections are pretty tasty.	23
BTW, the prices are very affordable, which make the mediocer service tolerable.	11
BTW, the prices are very affordable, which make the mediocer service tolerable.	3
The basil pepper mojito was a little daunting in concept, but I was refreshed at the flavor.	0
The basil pepper mojito was a little daunting in concept, but I was refreshed at the flavor.	14
Don't ask for a menu- take the trip with your waiter who eloquently (and vividly) describes dishes until he sees your eyes light up.	6
Don't ask for a menu- take the trip with your waiter who eloquently (and vividly) describes dishes until he sees your eyes light up.	1
Basically traditional menu could have been boring and old-fashioned, but is instead updated enough to please modern palate: steaks, seafood, fish, poultry - ample portions (we took half home), seasoned with care and imagination.	16
Basically traditional menu could have been boring and old-fashioned, but is instead updated enough to please modern palate: steaks, seafood, fish, poultry - ample portions (we took half home), seasoned with care and imagination.	23
My boyfriend took me to dinner for an early Valentine's Day, we showed up early for our reservation to meet an incredibly rude host who told us the bar was full, to just wait behind a rope.	22
My boyfriend took me to dinner for an early Valentine's Day, we showed up early for our reservation to meet an incredibly rude host who told us the bar was full, to just wait behind a rope.	18
The atmosphere of the place is nice as well as the location, but I found food mediocre and too expensive for the quality offered.	14
The atmosphere of the place is nice as well as the location, but I found food mediocre and too expensive for the quality offered.	19
The atmosphere of the place is nice as well as the location, but I found food mediocre and too expensive for the quality offered.	0
We decided to ask for our check for the wine we had and the waiter became completely annoyed at us!	1
We decided to ask for our check for the wine we had and the waiter became completely annoyed at us!	6
Once just for late night drinks (they have a great drink menu) and then again for dinner.	17
Once just for late night drinks (they have a great drink menu) and then again for dinner.	1
The not-so-friendly-cigarette-reeking waiter asked if we had any questions then when we did ask, he rolled his eyes and covered his face with the menu to say something to a passing coworker.	6
The not-so-friendly-cigarette-reeking waiter asked if we had any questions then when we did ask, he rolled his eyes and covered his face with the menu to say something to a passing coworker.	16
With dessert, the pre-theater is a great deal/meal.	1
With dessert, the pre-theater is a great deal/meal.	20
it is a small take-out style restuarant but they have a few tables.	1
it is a small take-out style restuarant but they have a few tables.	18
After dining there twice, all the waiters will remember you and what you ordered the last time you were there!	1
After dining there twice, all the waiters will remember you and what you ordered the last time you were there!	8
Really great thin crust pizza - hot and fresh and fast, though you'll probably have to wait for a table.	2
Really great thin crust pizza - hot and fresh and fast, though you'll probably have to wait for a table.	21
They served the salad and the main course together and didn't even bring the dessert menu.	1
They served the salad and the main course together and didn't even bring the dessert menu.	15
Granted, it's loud and sometimes obnoxious and it's such a pain to get seats for, but the the food is great.	21
Granted, it's loud and sometimes obnoxious and it's such a pain to get seats for, but the the food is great.	2
Love the pizza here (although the slices aren't as fresh at 3am, but who's that picky when you're drunk), and there's plenty of other good stuff.	21
Love the pizza here (although the slices aren't as fresh at 3am, but who's that picky when you're drunk), and there's plenty of other good stuff.	8
We went ot Al di La a bit earlier than we usually go to dinner, mainly due to the fact that reservations are not accepted.	1
We went ot Al di La a bit earlier than we usually go to dinner, mainly due to the fact that reservations are not accepted.	21
Though the service is speedy be prepared to wait at least 20 minutes for the soup dumplings.	5
Though the service is speedy be prepared to wait at least 20 minutes for the soup dumplings.	0
the waitress was surly -- refused to bring sweetner for my tea!!	6
the waitress was surly -- refused to bring sweetner for my tea!!	1
With a chef from Liguria, Italy, authentic Neapolitan brick oven pizza and one of the most impressive Italian wine lists I've ever seen, this was the real deal!	7
With a chef from Liguria, Italy, authentic Neapolitan brick oven pizza and one of the most impressive Italian wine lists I've ever seen, this was the real deal!	23
With a chef from Liguria, Italy, authentic Neapolitan brick oven pizza and one of the most impressive Italian wine lists I've ever seen, this was the real deal!	2
The bartender informed me the place was full, and the wait was 30 minutes.	18
The bartender informed me the place was full, and the wait was 30 minutes.	4
When we got there (6 women), we were not even allowed in when a staff member with a bad attitude wearing a suit told us that we absolutely needed a reservation (yes, we've gone from an artsy community to this)!	6
When we got there (6 women), we were not even allowed in when a staff member with a bad attitude wearing a suit told us that we absolutely needed a reservation (yes, we've gone from an artsy community to this)!	22
The wait staff didn't bother to refill my water until I had finish mine and was almost done with my husband's glass too.	8
The wait staff didn't bother to refill my water until I had finish mine and was almost done with my husband's glass too.	1
ran ~$30 ($12 for the taco, 8 for the rb, 10 fir the drink) plus tax and a very deserved tip.	1
ran ~$30 ($12 for the taco, 8 for the rb, 10 fir the drink) plus tax and a very deserved tip.	11
Great pizza and heros, without the variety and selection of that star wars-style canteena hipster crowd pizzeria on Bedford (Anna Maria's) but with 5X the flavor.	2
Great pizza and heros, without the variety and selection of that star wars-style canteena hipster crowd pizzeria on Bedford (Anna Maria's) but with 5X the flavor.	13
We were not rushed at all, and the manager comped drinks at the bar so that we would vacate our table for a birthday girl who had to wait.	8
We were not rushed at all, and the manager comped drinks at the bar so that we would vacate our table for a birthday girl who had to wait.	1
We were not rushed at all, and the manager comped drinks at the bar so that we would vacate our table for a birthday girl who had to wait.	19
if you don't mind slow service and limited selections on the menu occasionally, then you might consider dining there.	3
if you don't mind slow service and limited selections on the menu occasionally, then you might consider dining there.	16
If you hate waiting for a table, then get take-out just around the corner next door.	3
If you hate waiting for a table, then get take-out just around the corner next door.	22
my sister asked for iced tea twice and the waitress said they didn't have.	1
my sister asked for iced tea twice and the waitress said they didn't have.	6
Bouley has done an excellent job creating this dining establishment with almost a museum sense, the artworks on the wall have a very Klimty feeling and the gold ceiling completes the rest of the experience.	13
Bouley has done an excellent job creating this dining establishment with almost a museum sense, the artworks on the wall have a very Klimty feeling and the gold ceiling completes the rest of the experience.	23
First, we waited 40 minutes for our food, but after a thrity minute wait, the waitress asked me to clarify what I had ordered (I ordered off their menu, with no changes).	1
First, we waited 40 minutes for our food, but after a thrity minute wait, the waitress asked me to clarify what I had ordered (I ordered off their menu, with no changes).	6
First, we waited 40 minutes for our food, but after a thrity minute wait, the waitress asked me to clarify what I had ordered (I ordered off their menu, with no changes).	16
Very pleasant atmosphere, not a quiet romantic dinner.	14
Very pleasant atmosphere, not a quiet romantic dinner.	0
The waiter was nice once he got to us, it took about 5 minutes to get a glass of water and someone to get us started even though it was very slow.	8
The waiter was nice once he got to us, it took about 5 minutes to get a glass of water and someone to get us started even though it was very slow.	1
When I requested a change to the non-smoking section, the waiter replied that there were no open tables.	7
When I requested a change to the non-smoking section, the waiter replied that there were no open tables.	18
Somewhat agree with the previous reviews about service and the long wait but once seated, the food is well worth it.	3
Somewhat agree with the previous reviews about service and the long wait but once seated, the food is well worth it.	2
The veal was nice and tender, but the flavors weren't exciting.	2
The veal was nice and tender, but the flavors weren't exciting.	12
It is a nice room with a cool bar and you should stop in for a drink and Tapas but dinner was very weak!!!!	20
It is a nice room with a cool bar and you should stop in for a drink and Tapas but dinner was very weak!!!!	0
I would love the owner to consider hosting a 'tango bar' once - twice a week.	8
I would love the owner to consider hosting a 'tango bar' once - twice a week.	19
Just sit at the bar and sip some amazing Italian wines.	19
Just sit at the bar and sip some amazing Italian wines.	2
The prices have gone up and some of good old standby entrees have disappeared from the menu.	2
The prices have gone up and some of good old standby entrees have disappeared from the menu.	16
On the menu board posted outside - they got Passion Fruit Creme Brule.	16
On the menu board posted outside - they got Passion Fruit Creme Brule.	2
Ask for a table closer to the bar than in back of the dining area; the drop ceiling the back compromises enjoying the soaring space of Guastavino's.	20
Ask for a table closer to the bar than in back of the dining area; the drop ceiling the back compromises enjoying the soaring space of Guastavino's.	1
When we got our bill the drinks were full priced and when we asked, our waitress said that there is no happy hour on the roof.	10
When we got our bill the drinks were full priced and when we asked, our waitress said that there is no happy hour on the roof.	1
When we got our bill the drinks were full priced and when we asked, our waitress said that there is no happy hour on the roof.	6
My only suggestion would be to avoid long waits for food by adding extra servers when there are large groups.	1
My only suggestion would be to avoid long waits for food by adding extra servers when there are large groups.	8
Coffee, treats, and the best of eerything.	1
Coffee, treats, and the best of eerything.	4
Coffee, treats, and the best of eerything.	23
a drink or two went by, but as we slowly realized our wait had become an hour from the promised 20 min, the server noted upon our inquiry that they recognized and remembered us and would seat us soon- rolling eye look- matched by a tone protesting the uncouth annoyance.	1
a drink or two went by, but as we slowly realized our wait had become an hour from the promised 20 min, the server noted upon our inquiry that they recognized and remembered us and would seat us soon- rolling eye look- matched by a tone protesting the uncouth annoyance.	4
a drink or two went by, but as we slowly realized our wait had become an hour from the promised 20 min, the server noted upon our inquiry that they recognized and remembered us and would seat us soon- rolling eye look- matched by a tone protesting the uncouth annoyance.	6
The scene was sassy and cool, but i would never eat dinner here again.	23
The scene was sassy and cool, but i would never eat dinner here again.	1
The managers aren't snobby for wanting reservations -- it's a new restaurant and they're trying to manage the flow of diners.	6
The managers aren't snobby for wanting reservations -- it's a new restaurant and they're trying to manage the flow of diners.	22
The food is decent, but for what the bill comes to, it's just not worth it.	2
The food is decent, but for what the bill comes to, it's just not worth it.	9
However, it was a very long wait (over 45 min) and I confronted the hostess who stated that she could not find me at the bar and she had seated 6 other parties before me.	3
However, it was a very long wait (over 45 min) and I confronted the hostess who stated that she could not find me at the bar and she had seated 6 other parties before me.	6
However, it was a very long wait (over 45 min) and I confronted the hostess who stated that she could not find me at the bar and she had seated 6 other parties before me.	19
They do have a large menu of things along the diner lines, and they go a little gourmet on the brunch omelette fixins/combos.	17
They do have a large menu of things along the diner lines, and they go a little gourmet on the brunch omelette fixins/combos.	21
Despite reservations, we ended up waiting for 1hr+	22
Despite reservations, we ended up waiting for 1hr+	3
Charging full price for half pie toppings, and refusing delivery (1 block) for orders under $20.	9
Charging full price for half pie toppings, and refusing delivery (1 block) for orders under $20.	1
Noise level is high, and if you are a non smoker ask to be seated away from the bar.	12
Noise level is high, and if you are a non smoker ask to be seated away from the bar.	19
It was Au Bar meets 'Absolutely Fabulous' meets a Versace Outlet Sale.	19
It was Au Bar meets 'Absolutely Fabulous' meets a Versace Outlet Sale.	11
Our waitress recommended the coffee flan for dessert, and we didn't regret it.	7
Our waitress recommended the coffee flan for dessert, and we didn't regret it.	2
The attention to detail whether it's decor or service or menu made us feel fortunate to be part of the Camino Sur dining experience.	14
The attention to detail whether it's decor or service or menu made us feel fortunate to be part of the Camino Sur dining experience.	5
The attention to detail whether it's decor or service or menu made us feel fortunate to be part of the Camino Sur dining experience.	17
The attention to detail whether it's decor or service or menu made us feel fortunate to be part of the Camino Sur dining experience.	1
Our waiter was apparently angry to have to be serving, because it took him 15 minutes to even bring water, let alone take a drink order (it was early on in the day and the restaurant was not even 50% full, so he was NOT busy).	6
Our waiter was apparently angry to have to be serving, because it took him 15 minutes to even bring water, let alone take a drink order (it was early on in the day and the restaurant was not even 50% full, so he was NOT busy).	4
Our waiter was apparently angry to have to be serving, because it took him 15 minutes to even bring water, let alone take a drink order (it was early on in the day and the restaurant was not even 50% full, so he was NOT busy).	1
Overall, it is a nice place and if you don't mind possible attitude and the not-so-cheap prices, it is a great place to meet for coffee or drinks (they have a nice selection of that too!	9
Overall, it is a nice place and if you don't mind possible attitude and the not-so-cheap prices, it is a great place to meet for coffee or drinks (they have a nice selection of that too!	2
We waited 15 minutes for a menu, another 20 for a tea, another 15 for an appetizer, then when the plates came out, the waitress had to ask me what I'd ordered.	16
We waited 15 minutes for a menu, another 20 for a tea, another 15 for an appetizer, then when the plates came out, the waitress had to ask me what I'd ordered.	1
We waited 15 minutes for a menu, another 20 for a tea, another 15 for an appetizer, then when the plates came out, the waitress had to ask me what I'd ordered.	22
We waited 15 minutes for a menu, another 20 for a tea, another 15 for an appetizer, then when the plates came out, the waitress had to ask me what I'd ordered.	6
the dishes are a little too recherche and too trendy for their own good and there is not enough on the menu for vegetarians.	2
the dishes are a little too recherche and too trendy for their own good and there is not enough on the menu for vegetarians.	16
The pricing isn't quite clear and look out for that asterisk on the menu where they add on that extra 6-8 bucks.	9
The pricing isn't quite clear and look out for that asterisk on the menu where they add on that extra 6-8 bucks.	16
the menu looked great, but the food was the biggest disappointment i've had yet!	17
the menu looked great, but the food was the biggest disappointment i've had yet!	0
My boyfriend and I went one Friday night to find that the place was empty except for one other table.	18
My boyfriend and I went one Friday night to find that the place was empty except for one other table.	22
The Pink Pony's brunch is among the very best in the city!	22
The Pink Pony's brunch is among the very best in the city!	2
The environment is a touch loud (although the music's good), but the walls sport nifty vintage items, from license plates to pennants to movie posters.	12
The environment is a touch loud (although the music's good), but the walls sport nifty vintage items, from license plates to pennants to movie posters.	22
Only quibbles are so-so wine service, and while Prix-fixe is reasonable at $68, extra charges for additional dishes/tastings can be high.	4
Only quibbles are so-so wine service, and while Prix-fixe is reasonable at $68, extra charges for additional dishes/tastings can be high.	2
Our waiter was a real pro; knew a lot about ingredients and allowed us to take our time.	8
Our waiter was a real pro; knew a lot about ingredients and allowed us to take our time.	13
Fresh fish, tender milk fed veal and outrageous Veal Chops adorn their menu and special list.	2
Fresh fish, tender milk fed veal and outrageous Veal Chops adorn their menu and special list.	16
Fresh fish, tender milk fed veal and outrageous Veal Chops adorn their menu and special list.	23
Any sandwich or appetizer on the menu is delicious.	2
Any sandwich or appetizer on the menu is delicious.	16
Expect to stand around for a while before one of the waiters desides that they can be bothered to actually get you to a seat.	6
Expect to stand around for a while before one of the waiters desides that they can be bothered to actually get you to a seat.	22
Good value for money--especially the $7 lunch special for 2 courses.	11
Good value for money--especially the $7 lunch special for 2 courses.	1
The staff were rude and rushed us through our meal, clearing plates and laying down dessert menus while others were still eating their main courses.	6
The staff were rude and rushed us through our meal, clearing plates and laying down dessert menus while others were still eating their main courses.	1
The staff were rude and rushed us through our meal, clearing plates and laying down dessert menus while others were still eating their main courses.	22
The place wasn't packed, but there was a bar scene and a few salsa dancers who strutted their stuff on the dancefloor.	20
The place wasn't packed, but there was a bar scene and a few salsa dancers who strutted their stuff on the dancefloor.	22
Suddenly the manager, came to our table yelling absolutely no way we can have a drink after dinner becuase he has tables waiting Just to be clear we spent over $70 and had 1 drink each, we used the table for about 1hour and 15 minutes.	6
Suddenly the manager, came to our table yelling absolutely no way we can have a drink after dinner becuase he has tables waiting Just to be clear we spent over $70 and had 1 drink each, we used the table for about 1hour and 15 minutes.	1
Half way through the meal we did not have refills on our waters, even though our waiter passed the table many times and he never stopped to check on us or to ask if we were pleased with the entrees.	6
Half way through the meal we did not have refills on our waters, even though our waiter passed the table many times and he never stopped to check on us or to ask if we were pleased with the entrees.	22
The two cons were the lack of information on the menus (they had just sushi roll names, with no description of their contents, printed in a bland format), and music selection, which didn't fit the ambiance.	16
The two cons were the lack of information on the menus (they had just sushi roll names, with no description of their contents, printed in a bland format), and music selection, which didn't fit the ambiance.	12
My friend's entree wasn't presented as described in the menu, but we didn't want to add to the drama.	0
My friend's entree wasn't presented as described in the menu, but we didn't want to add to the drama.	16
This is also when the waiter told us that half the menu was sold out.	6
This is also when the waiter told us that half the menu was sold out.	16
i thought the food was great but kind of expensive for that atmosphere, the tables were too close and it was too noisy.	2
i thought the food was great but kind of expensive for that atmosphere, the tables were too close and it was too noisy.	14
i thought the food was great but kind of expensive for that atmosphere, the tables were too close and it was too noisy.	18
I went here for a dinner with some relatives from out of town that I was eager to catch up with, but the noise level at this place made that really difficult!	1
I went here for a dinner with some relatives from out of town that I was eager to catch up with, but the noise level at this place made that really difficult!	12
The server was condescending and was unable to provide assistance with menu selections.	6
The server was condescending and was unable to provide assistance with menu selections.	16
They later told us that our waiter had to fix the 'computer' - that was the reason he couldn't bring us our drinks.	6
They later told us that our waiter had to fix the 'computer' - that was the reason he couldn't bring us our drinks.	1
Besides, they used to be much more accommodating when I used to request a jalebi paratha instad of a plain naan as part of the brunch price.	21
Besides, they used to be much more accommodating when I used to request a jalebi paratha instad of a plain naan as part of the brunch price.	10
A cold reception got even colder when we didn't have a reservation for a Tuesday night (the place was half empty).	22
A cold reception got even colder when we didn't have a reservation for a Tuesday night (the place was half empty).	18
Our server (after 4 reminders) finally got around to getting our cocktail orders during the meal (at a time when the establishment was not full).	6
Our server (after 4 reminders) finally got around to getting our cocktail orders during the meal (at a time when the establishment was not full).	1
The Scene Petite Abeille is ideal for a lazy lunch, a restorative brunch or light dinner.	23
The Scene Petite Abeille is ideal for a lazy lunch, a restorative brunch or light dinner.	1
After waiting an hour and a half, a delivery man - with heavily bleeding gums - told me not to worry, that my meal had been replaced with fresh food, and that my old order had been RE-SERVED to another customer.	6
After waiting an hour and a half, a delivery man - with heavily bleeding gums - told me not to worry, that my meal had been replaced with fresh food, and that my old order had been RE-SERVED to another customer.	1
The Scene Quartino's airy dining room, wrapped in high windows, hinges around a trendy bar where regulars sip wine out of blunt tumblers while swapping stories--often in Italian.	22
The Scene Quartino's airy dining room, wrapped in high windows, hinges around a trendy bar where regulars sip wine out of blunt tumblers while swapping stories--often in Italian.	20
We were directed to a table by a member of staff, which we were then informed was reserved, and lost our seats at the bar, all this after spending upwards of $30 each on very expensive drinks over a two-hour period.	21
We were directed to a table by a member of staff, which we were then informed was reserved, and lost our seats at the bar, all this after spending upwards of $30 each on very expensive drinks over a two-hour period.	6
We were directed to a table by a member of staff, which we were then informed was reserved, and lost our seats at the bar, all this after spending upwards of $30 each on very expensive drinks over a two-hour period.	19
I never have to wait a long time to get my food, so it's a great place to go if you're really hungry and/or in a hurry.	5
I never have to wait a long time to get my food, so it's a great place to go if you're really hungry and/or in a hurry.	1
Good Italian spot, but should raise the bar on the food before some newcomers challenge its standings.	23
Good Italian spot, but should raise the bar on the food before some newcomers challenge its standings.	19
Good Italian spot, but should raise the bar on the food before some newcomers challenge its standings.	1
went here late night after a a few drinks at my favorite watering spot and was amazed that a place which serves food till 4 can be so damned good.	1
went here late night after a a few drinks at my favorite watering spot and was amazed that a place which serves food till 4 can be so damned good.	23
Although when I went to eat dinner at Bombay Talkie on a crazy busy night, my waiter was extremely helpful through the menu, polite and polished.	1
Although when I went to eat dinner at Bombay Talkie on a crazy busy night, my waiter was extremely helpful through the menu, polite and polished.	8
Although when I went to eat dinner at Bombay Talkie on a crazy busy night, my waiter was extremely helpful through the menu, polite and polished.	16
What do you like more, completely addictive patties of greasy beef, or glasses of cheap refreshing beer to wash it down?	2
What do you like more, completely addictive patties of greasy beef, or glasses of cheap refreshing beer to wash it down?	22
Yet, the place was emptyIts too bad because the food is authentic and price is very reasonable considering the location and the quality (eg.	2
Yet, the place was emptyIts too bad because the food is authentic and price is very reasonable considering the location and the quality (eg.	22
the heroes are enough for lunch and dinner.	23
the heroes are enough for lunch and dinner.	1
Then the waiter acted indignant when we called him out for bring us the wrong (later) vintage of wine we picked out.	6
Then the waiter acted indignant when we called him out for bring us the wrong (later) vintage of wine we picked out.	1
Then, when we ordered from a regular menu, and told the waiter, that we are in a hurry to make the show, his response was So what do you want me to do ?	16
Then, when we ordered from a regular menu, and told the waiter, that we are in a hurry to make the show, his response was So what do you want me to do ?	6
The food came out really quick and the service overall was not bad.	2
The food came out really quick and the service overall was not bad.	4
Every time I eat there I feel as if the chef and waitstaff have cooked, prepared and served a meal as if I am the only customer/guest.	8
Every time I eat there I feel as if the chef and waitstaff have cooked, prepared and served a meal as if I am the only customer/guest.	1
After lunch, we sat at the bar and chatted with the bartender who was also very nice.	1
After lunch, we sat at the bar and chatted with the bartender who was also very nice.	8
The place was nice and the bartenders were friendly, but the cocktail girl was rude, obnoxious, and over charging all of us.	20
The place was nice and the bartenders were friendly, but the cocktail girl was rude, obnoxious, and over charging all of us.	6
We were seated promptly and brought rolls and water but then were made to wait much too long before our beverage order was taken and then much much too long before our waiter came back for a food order.	1
We were seated promptly and brought rolls and water but then were made to wait much too long before our beverage order was taken and then much much too long before our waiter came back for a food order.	6
The service was good and the price was decent but it wasn't enough to overcome the bland tasting food and the bland decor of the restaurant.	5
The service was good and the price was decent but it wasn't enough to overcome the bland tasting food and the bland decor of the restaurant.	11
The service was good and the price was decent but it wasn't enough to overcome the bland tasting food and the bland decor of the restaurant.	0
The service was good and the price was decent but it wasn't enough to overcome the bland tasting food and the bland decor of the restaurant.	12
But other comfort foods are also superb: Scallion pancakes are delectably crispy yet chewy, and chow fun with shredded pork and preserved cabbage (it's not on the menu) offers a tangy rice-noodles retake on the usual lo mein.	2
But other comfort foods are also superb: Scallion pancakes are delectably crispy yet chewy, and chow fun with shredded pork and preserved cabbage (it's not on the menu) offers a tangy rice-noodles retake on the usual lo mein.	16
The waiter was pleasant and I thought how bad could someone screw up basic Italian food?	8
The waiter was pleasant and I thought how bad could someone screw up basic Italian food?	1
While the appetizers, entrees, and desserts arrived in a timely manner, our water glasses maintained consistently empty (at one point one of us had to ask for water twice!)	1
While the appetizers, entrees, and desserts arrived in a timely manner, our water glasses maintained consistently empty (at one point one of us had to ask for water twice!)	21
We were first greeted by a very friendly hostess who asked if we had reservations - even though we didn't they were VERY accommodating - we sat at the bar and spoke to the VERY nice bartender who recommended a GREAT wine and gave us some brucetta to munch on while we waited.	22
We were first greeted by a very friendly hostess who asked if we had reservations - even though we didn't they were VERY accommodating - we sat at the bar and spoke to the VERY nice bartender who recommended a GREAT wine and gave us some brucetta to munch on while we waited.	8
We were first greeted by a very friendly hostess who asked if we had reservations - even though we didn't they were VERY accommodating - we sat at the bar and spoke to the VERY nice bartender who recommended a GREAT wine and gave us some brucetta to munch on while we waited.	2
Wait staff is seemingly non-existant, and food servers are way too agressive - our food was thrown on the table, and even knocked a member of my party in the head with a plate with little acknowledgement.	6
Wait staff is seemingly non-existant, and food servers are way too agressive - our food was thrown on the table, and even knocked a member of my party in the head with a plate with little acknowledgement.	22
I had reservations for 9:30pm and after waiting more that 50 mins and bunch of lies that you're next.	22
I had reservations for 9:30pm and after waiting more that 50 mins and bunch of lies that you're next.	3
We had to ask for water even after we were asked what type we preferred, and then the busboy spilled it while he was pouring it out.	1
We had to ask for water even after we were asked what type we preferred, and then the busboy spilled it while he was pouring it out.	6
Arriba Arriba has much better food, margs, and atmosphere with slightly higher prices, but well worth it.	2
Arriba Arriba has much better food, margs, and atmosphere with slightly higher prices, but well worth it.	9
Corner Bistro, despite the hoopla and critical praise, is nothing more than a burger joint with long lines.	1
Corner Bistro, despite the hoopla and critical praise, is nothing more than a burger joint with long lines.	21
I was thinking I am gonna have a nice dinner in that place that a friend of mine recommended to me , but beside the expensive prices that it has was nothing more.	2
I was thinking I am gonna have a nice dinner in that place that a friend of mine recommended to me , but beside the expensive prices that it has was nothing more.	9
Despite almost flawless service, I had my birthday there for a party of 15 and we were given a private area on the top floor, which was so cold, we had to keep our jackets on throughout the entire meal.	3
Despite almost flawless service, I had my birthday there for a party of 15 and we were given a private area on the top floor, which was so cold, we had to keep our jackets on throughout the entire meal.	18
Despite almost flawless service, I had my birthday there for a party of 15 and we were given a private area on the top floor, which was so cold, we had to keep our jackets on throughout the entire meal.	22
Despite almost flawless service, I had my birthday there for a party of 15 and we were given a private area on the top floor, which was so cold, we had to keep our jackets on throughout the entire meal.	1
Trish, our waitress was really great - the food was mediocre.	8
Trish, our waitress was really great - the food was mediocre.	0
The Food Mi Nidito's menu offers a considerable array of Mexican standards, with a separate page for seafood, such as King crab enchiladas, and another for vegetarian dishes such as almond-sauteed vegetables.	16
The Food Mi Nidito's menu offers a considerable array of Mexican standards, with a separate page for seafood, such as King crab enchiladas, and another for vegetarian dishes such as almond-sauteed vegetables.	23
The Food Mi Nidito's menu offers a considerable array of Mexican standards, with a separate page for seafood, such as King crab enchiladas, and another for vegetarian dishes such as almond-sauteed vegetables.	1
After finally choosing banana-macadamia nut pancakes (a Hawaiian favorite of mine) after being unable to decide between 4 or 5 dishes that all sounded spectacular, I sat back and enjoyed the (complementary) tall shot glass of the smoothie of the day.	1
After finally choosing banana-macadamia nut pancakes (a Hawaiian favorite of mine) after being unable to decide between 4 or 5 dishes that all sounded spectacular, I sat back and enjoyed the (complementary) tall shot glass of the smoothie of the day.	23
Taci then moved to NYU, to a space as warm as an igloo, with an equally cold atmosphere, an attempt at a more upscale menu, and with all the charm of a pizza joint.	20
Taci then moved to NYU, to a space as warm as an igloo, with an equally cold atmosphere, an attempt at a more upscale menu, and with all the charm of a pizza joint.	14
Taci then moved to NYU, to a space as warm as an igloo, with an equally cold atmosphere, an attempt at a more upscale menu, and with all the charm of a pizza joint.	16
and although the service is a little slow, the lax atmosphere allows you to drink and eat away the afternoon or evening and not even care.	3
and although the service is a little slow, the lax atmosphere allows you to drink and eat away the afternoon or evening and not even care.	14
and although the service is a little slow, the lax atmosphere allows you to drink and eat away the afternoon or evening and not even care.	22
Although Sweet Melissa's food and pastries are very tasty, the unfriendly folks who work there sour the experience.	2
Although Sweet Melissa's food and pastries are very tasty, the unfriendly folks who work there sour the experience.	21
from drinks at the bar, to our perfect round table!	19
from drinks at the bar, to our perfect round table!	23
The food is pretty good, and so is the service, though on my first visit I told the waitress I wanted my tuna black-and-blue and she had no idea what that was.	2
The food is pretty good, and so is the service, though on my first visit I told the waitress I wanted my tuna black-and-blue and she had no idea what that was.	6
We sat in the garden out back, and the calm atmosphere with the waterfall rock wall on the side completed the setting.	19
We sat in the garden out back, and the calm atmosphere with the waterfall rock wall on the side completed the setting.	14
To complain about waiting for a table, etc.	3
To complain about waiting for a table, etc.	22
Unlike some of the other reviews here, the reservation was upheld, the waiter took the time to explain each dish and frequently asked if we wanted more of anything (which we did, several times).	23
Unlike some of the other reviews here, the reservation was upheld, the waiter took the time to explain each dish and frequently asked if we wanted more of anything (which we did, several times).	8
Unlike some of the other reviews here, the reservation was upheld, the waiter took the time to explain each dish and frequently asked if we wanted more of anything (which we did, several times).	1
In addition, our waiter seemed to have short-term memory loss because he kept forgetting to bring us our drink order even after I asked him on three separate occasions.	6
In addition, our waiter seemed to have short-term memory loss because he kept forgetting to bring us our drink order even after I asked him on three separate occasions.	1
Anyway the food was really good, the portions are not big however very filling and exceptionally good.	2
Anyway the food was really good, the portions are not big however very filling and exceptionally good.	21
After arriving an hour early for our reservation for 2 and politely asking for a table near the band we were promptly seated at one of the worst tables in the place.	22
After arriving an hour early for our reservation for 2 and politely asking for a table near the band we were promptly seated at one of the worst tables in the place.	7
After arriving an hour early for our reservation for 2 and politely asking for a table near the band we were promptly seated at one of the worst tables in the place.	18
I found my dinner to be a bit on the heavy side and blamed the large portions.	1
I found my dinner to be a bit on the heavy side and blamed the large portions.	21
While the environment is still fun and diverse, the food quality has been sliding lately.	14
While the environment is still fun and diverse, the food quality has been sliding lately.	0
I agree with the other poster who wrote about the service: the waiter challenged every single dish we ordered with a special (I've never had a more money hungry waiter) and after waiting 20 minutes for the check we had to call the manager over; who was unapologetic.	3
I agree with the other poster who wrote about the service: the waiter challenged every single dish we ordered with a special (I've never had a more money hungry waiter) and after waiting 20 minutes for the check we had to call the manager over; who was unapologetic.	1
I agree with the other poster who wrote about the service: the waiter challenged every single dish we ordered with a special (I've never had a more money hungry waiter) and after waiting 20 minutes for the check we had to call the manager over; who was unapologetic.	6
After all that, the waiter tried to backpedal saying its too hard to time the cooking of miso soup with the sushi bar offerings.	6
After all that, the waiter tried to backpedal saying its too hard to time the cooking of miso soup with the sushi bar offerings.	1
Good atmosphere, the service is so-so and there is a long wait if you don't have reservations.	14
Good atmosphere, the service is so-so and there is a long wait if you don't have reservations.	3
That bastion of authentic Mexican food in Spanish Harlem that earned raves by white reviewers, leading other gringos to nervously venture to Spanish Harlem and pretend they're trendy to pay too much for food that is only marginally better than the place around the corner.	2
That bastion of authentic Mexican food in Spanish Harlem that earned raves by white reviewers, leading other gringos to nervously venture to Spanish Harlem and pretend they're trendy to pay too much for food that is only marginally better than the place around the corner.	7
We sat, missing a place setting for a while before the waitress came to ask if we wanted water and then ran away.	13
We sat, missing a place setting for a while before the waitress came to ask if we wanted water and then ran away.	6
The last two didn't come to the people who ordered them until they already had there food ( in which then we had to remind the staff of).	1
The last two didn't come to the people who ordered them until they already had there food ( in which then we had to remind the staff of).	6
When I walked back to the counter, the two staff people immediately retreated to the back room, glanced back at me attempting to get their attention and immediately returned to wasting time.	19
When I walked back to the counter, the two staff people immediately retreated to the back room, glanced back at me attempting to get their attention and immediately returned to wasting time.	6
Expect to get average food, a big bill and lots of attitude from the service.	1
Expect to get average food, a big bill and lots of attitude from the service.	9
The bartender ignored us for 10 minutes before asking what we'd like to drink although we were the only people waiting for a table when we walked in.	6
The bartender ignored us for 10 minutes before asking what we'd like to drink although we were the only people waiting for a table when we walked in.	1
The bartender ignored us for 10 minutes before asking what we'd like to drink although we were the only people waiting for a table when we walked in.	4
it did fill up pretty quickly for lunch, but nobody seemed to have to wait too long, and i'm guessing they might be less busy for dinner.	1
it did fill up pretty quickly for lunch, but nobody seemed to have to wait too long, and i'm guessing they might be less busy for dinner.	3
My roommate says she has had good food here at night, at the bar.	2
My roommate says she has had good food here at night, at the bar.	19
I made a reservation on-line quickly got a call saying that the resturant was under renovation, but the kitchen was still open and was still more than welcome to come enjoy dinner in their lounge.	22
I made a reservation on-line quickly got a call saying that the resturant was under renovation, but the kitchen was still open and was still more than welcome to come enjoy dinner in their lounge.	20
I would say it's suitable for a romantic date or quiet family meal, as there is no bar so the atmosphere is a little quiet.	2
I would say it's suitable for a romantic date or quiet family meal, as there is no bar so the atmosphere is a little quiet.	19
I would say it's suitable for a romantic date or quiet family meal, as there is no bar so the atmosphere is a little quiet.	14
Once in the oven (electric, mind you), he shifts pies every few seconds to attain nicely-charred, chewy crust perfection.	1
Once in the oven (electric, mind you), he shifts pies every few seconds to attain nicely-charred, chewy crust perfection.	23
The restauarnt is Ok in terms of decor, but the food was really lacking - things were not cooked to order.	20
The restauarnt is Ok in terms of decor, but the food was really lacking - things were not cooked to order.	14
The restauarnt is Ok in terms of decor, but the food was really lacking - things were not cooked to order.	0
The head waiter made some lame excuse about how the chef had asked the hostess to revise the menu but it had not been changed.	6
The head waiter made some lame excuse about how the chef had asked the hostess to revise the menu but it had not been changed.	16
The Food Surprisingly tasty Texas-style barbecue gives this place culinary flexibility beyond that of most wrap-and-burrito shacks.	2
The Food Surprisingly tasty Texas-style barbecue gives this place culinary flexibility beyond that of most wrap-and-burrito shacks.	19
cause, I was bored by the club scene and too overdressed for the local bar.	21
cause, I was bored by the club scene and too overdressed for the local bar.	19
After 10 minutes of waiting, he finally returned to the table and snootily explained to us that the wine he had opened was actually better and more expensive (not yet on the menu, of course), but he would charge us the price of the bottle we had originally ordered.	4
After 10 minutes of waiting, he finally returned to the table and snootily explained to us that the wine he had opened was actually better and more expensive (not yet on the menu, of course), but he would charge us the price of the bottle we had originally ordered.	22
After 10 minutes of waiting, he finally returned to the table and snootily explained to us that the wine he had opened was actually better and more expensive (not yet on the menu, of course), but he would charge us the price of the bottle we had originally ordered.	0
After 10 minutes of waiting, he finally returned to the table and snootily explained to us that the wine he had opened was actually better and more expensive (not yet on the menu, of course), but he would charge us the price of the bottle we had originally ordered.	16
After 10 minutes of waiting, he finally returned to the table and snootily explained to us that the wine he had opened was actually better and more expensive (not yet on the menu, of course), but he would charge us the price of the bottle we had originally ordered.	10
Room is impressive, but service is slow and taste was almost like fast food.	20
Room is impressive, but service is slow and taste was almost like fast food.	3
Room is impressive, but service is slow and taste was almost like fast food.	0
We had to flag the waitress down to get a drink refill and waited an extrodinarily long time for our entrees.	6
We had to flag the waitress down to get a drink refill and waited an extrodinarily long time for our entrees.	1
I can't speak on the food, but I went there for a show the other week and here is my experience: one of the friendliest servers ever (no attitude); the drinks were avg.	1
I can't speak on the food, but I went there for a show the other week and here is my experience: one of the friendliest servers ever (no attitude); the drinks were avg.	8
Not the most beautiful environment, but the food is consistently delicious and the barbeque is fun and tasty.	12
Not the most beautiful environment, but the food is consistently delicious and the barbeque is fun and tasty.	2
The owner was rude to us from the moment we sat down until he told us we had to leave because he had another table waiting, and this despite ordering the pricier entrees from the menu and a bottle of wine that we hadn't yet finished.	6
The owner was rude to us from the moment we sat down until he told us we had to leave because he had another table waiting, and this despite ordering the pricier entrees from the menu and a bottle of wine that we hadn't yet finished.	16
I took a few clients for lunch and the service was lackluster, food was fair at best, and the prices were outrageous - Don't wast your time with this place !	1
I took a few clients for lunch and the service was lackluster, food was fair at best, and the prices were outrageous - Don't wast your time with this place !	3
The menu ranged from standard (steak, duck and mussels-all fantastic) to curious (ostrich-awesome, and tartare-smoked not raw but still so good.	16
The menu ranged from standard (steak, duck and mussels-all fantastic) to curious (ostrich-awesome, and tartare-smoked not raw but still so good.	2
Hoegardden on tap is an added bonus if you're not drinking from the well versed wine menu.	22
Hoegardden on tap is an added bonus if you're not drinking from the well versed wine menu.	17
Nothing beats being served platters of shrimp and wings and pitchers of beer, by the HOTTEST waitstaff in NY!!!!	1
Nothing beats being served platters of shrimp and wings and pitchers of beer, by the HOTTEST waitstaff in NY!!!!	8
Oh yeah, the food's just alright for the price.	2
Oh yeah, the food's just alright for the price.	10
It's a great place, the terrific service carried out throughout the night as we sat and got some appetizers and then decided to stay for a bottle too!	5
It's a great place, the terrific service carried out throughout the night as we sat and got some appetizers and then decided to stay for a bottle too!	1
When we followed the waiter to get back the card, the Manager explained that their machine did work, but someone else's bill was charged on our card (total charge=$140).	7
When we followed the waiter to get back the card, the Manager explained that their machine did work, but someone else's bill was charged on our card (total charge=$140).	23
When we followed the waiter to get back the card, the Manager explained that their machine did work, but someone else's bill was charged on our card (total charge=$140).	9
Even with reservations, checking in, and a generally quiet night, the hostess forgot that we were there and gave our table to her friends.	22
Even with reservations, checking in, and a generally quiet night, the hostess forgot that we were there and gave our table to her friends.	6
Fresh, original, creative, absolutely delicious - Perhaps I would chose a table at this cozy Italian corner versus an NYC top 5?	22
Fresh, original, creative, absolutely delicious - Perhaps I would chose a table at this cozy Italian corner versus an NYC top 5?	20
My experience at the The Pearl Room was like no other place in Bay Ridge, you walk into a dimly lit atomsphere and a well dressed crowd.	19
My experience at the The Pearl Room was like no other place in Bay Ridge, you walk into a dimly lit atomsphere and a well dressed crowd.	23
The service was warm, but it took forever to get the check.	5
The service was warm, but it took forever to get the check.	9
The atmosphere was a+, until a friend and I were rudely interrrupted and rushed out by the attendant at the door when the check was only returned to us just 5 mins.	21
The atmosphere was a+, until a friend and I were rudely interrrupted and rushed out by the attendant at the door when the check was only returned to us just 5 mins.	10
I had to ask the waiter a couple of times to clear our empty glasses.	6
I had to ask the waiter a couple of times to clear our empty glasses.	22
I had the item that they forgot to put on the menu; some very tasty fish over jasmine rice with shrimp.	16
I had the item that they forgot to put on the menu; some very tasty fish over jasmine rice with shrimp.	2
Waiter had to lean on my husband to give people next to us their food.	6
Waiter had to lean on my husband to give people next to us their food.	1
The wait staff pushed us to get desserts immediately after we finished our main course and we had to continuously tell them we are not ready yet.	6
The wait staff pushed us to get desserts immediately after we finished our main course and we had to continuously tell them we are not ready yet.	1
Go have a drink there the space is beautiful and buy an appetizer maybe, but pass on dinner, not well cooked and small portions.	20
Go have a drink there the space is beautiful and buy an appetizer maybe, but pass on dinner, not well cooked and small portions.	1
Go have a drink there the space is beautiful and buy an appetizer maybe, but pass on dinner, not well cooked and small portions.	21
i've had practically everything on their menu as i dine out alot but their burgers and mussels with fries are what bring me there every friday night.	16
i've had practically everything on their menu as i dine out alot but their burgers and mussels with fries are what bring me there every friday night.	2
The entertainment is awesome - and believe it or not, I was so impressed with one of their musicians/singers (named Alessandro) that I even had him play during my cocktail hour.	14
The entertainment is awesome - and believe it or not, I was so impressed with one of their musicians/singers (named Alessandro) that I even had him play during my cocktail hour.	1
This is authentic Japanese food - California roll is not on the menu.	2
This is authentic Japanese food - California roll is not on the menu.	16
Space aside, service is ok but the food is really well done.	19
Space aside, service is ok but the food is really well done.	2
When you feel like eating again an hour later (portions are small) at least you won't feel as regretful about ordering take-out.	21
When you feel like eating again an hour later (portions are small) at least you won't feel as regretful about ordering take-out.	1
There was only one server on duty and we waited a while for menus.	8
There was only one server on duty and we waited a while for menus.	16
Evening started out nice w/ complimentary glass of champagne, but turned sour as mussels were extremely overcooked, steak came in kid size portion smothered with sauce and owner recommended a wine special off the standard wine menu that was double the price of the most expensive bottle but made no effort to describe the wine as extremely special or significantly more expensive that what they typically serve.	2
Evening started out nice w/ complimentary glass of champagne, but turned sour as mussels were extremely overcooked, steak came in kid size portion smothered with sauce and owner recommended a wine special off the standard wine menu that was double the price of the most expensive bottle but made no effort to describe the wine as extremely special or significantly more expensive that what they typically serve.	6
Evening started out nice w/ complimentary glass of champagne, but turned sour as mussels were extremely overcooked, steak came in kid size portion smothered with sauce and owner recommended a wine special off the standard wine menu that was double the price of the most expensive bottle but made no effort to describe the wine as extremely special or significantly more expensive that what they typically serve.	9
The place is not fancy, but their food is wonderful.	18
The place is not fancy, but their food is wonderful.	2
This is a don't miss if you are anywhere close to the area, but if you're going for lunch, be there by noon to avoid a wait.	22
This is a don't miss if you are anywhere close to the area, but if you're going for lunch, be there by noon to avoid a wait.	1
This is a don't miss if you are anywhere close to the area, but if you're going for lunch, be there by noon to avoid a wait.	3
' When I reasoned with them that my dining partner already received her hot entree and was halfway done eating, and all I ordered was two rolls, the wait staff finally got the idea that maybe they should be trying to get me my order.	1
' When I reasoned with them that my dining partner already received her hot entree and was halfway done eating, and all I ordered was two rolls, the wait staff finally got the idea that maybe they should be trying to get me my order.	6
Had an OK dinner that was made better by the attention the owners pay to the patrons.	1
Had an OK dinner that was made better by the attention the owners pay to the patrons.	8
It's just nice to have a place like this - a sit down place with a lot of food choices, not centered on a particular ethnicity and a bar - as an option here.	2
It's just nice to have a place like this - a sit down place with a lot of food choices, not centered on a particular ethnicity and a bar - as an option here.	19
We had to wait 20 minutes before getting a beer, and we never got our burger order.	1
We had to wait 20 minutes before getting a beer, and we never got our burger order.	21
) Service was good not great, waiters stood around,didn't ask how everything was.	5
) Service was good not great, waiters stood around,didn't ask how everything was.	6
The menu had more selections, price points that fit all our budgets and a new Sushi menu that went over huge with the table.	17
The menu had more selections, price points that fit all our budgets and a new Sushi menu that went over huge with the table.	22
The menu features mild versions of Lone Star state favorites, from double-basted baby back ribs and steak fajitas to red-beef chili and deep-fried onions.	16
The menu features mild versions of Lone Star state favorites, from double-basted baby back ribs and steak fajitas to red-beef chili and deep-fried onions.	2
he politely asked about what happened, we told him about the hostess behaviour, the manager apologized for the her behavior and treated us to a drink at the bar.	8
he politely asked about what happened, we told him about the hostess behaviour, the manager apologized for the her behavior and treated us to a drink at the bar.	1
he politely asked about what happened, we told him about the hostess behaviour, the manager apologized for the her behavior and treated us to a drink at the bar.	19
Aside from the fact the maitre de claimed the dining room was 'full', we were seated at a great table overlooking the lobby of the hotel and ordered the 5 course tasting menu.	7
Aside from the fact the maitre de claimed the dining room was 'full', we were seated at a great table overlooking the lobby of the hotel and ordered the 5 course tasting menu.	19
Aside from the fact the maitre de claimed the dining room was 'full', we were seated at a great table overlooking the lobby of the hotel and ordered the 5 course tasting menu.	17
I've heard such wonderful things about Pluck U and had the pleasure of trying their infamous chicken while having learned a few things: 1) rushed service 2) limited menu 3) semi-reasonable 4) overly popular.	2
I've heard such wonderful things about Pluck U and had the pleasure of trying their infamous chicken while having learned a few things: 1) rushed service 2) limited menu 3) semi-reasonable 4) overly popular.	15
nice and cozy place but the soup was cold, the pizza was cold.	20
nice and cozy place but the soup was cold, the pizza was cold.	0
The Food There's a trimmed-down version of the regular Blue Ribbon menu--all manner of sandwiches, and a solid selection of American main courses--but the real attraction is the vast, well-edited range of cheese, fish and vegetable portions (goodies like foie gras terrine aside, the meat selections are disappointingly indistinct).	2
The Food There's a trimmed-down version of the regular Blue Ribbon menu--all manner of sandwiches, and a solid selection of American main courses--but the real attraction is the vast, well-edited range of cheese, fish and vegetable portions (goodies like foie gras terrine aside, the meat selections are disappointingly indistinct).	16
Still, after all the fuss, the food makes you forget about the wait.	2
Still, after all the fuss, the food makes you forget about the wait.	4
The wait staff was attentive without being overbearing, and our waiter gave thoughtful advice on dishes that would be suitable for the children.	8
The wait staff was attentive without being overbearing, and our waiter gave thoughtful advice on dishes that would be suitable for the children.	1
Dim, candlelit dining room is accented by a funky star pointed bar and multi-colored ceiling lamps, with trendy upbeat music in the background.	19
Dim, candlelit dining room is accented by a funky star pointed bar and multi-colored ceiling lamps, with trendy upbeat music in the background.	23
Dim, candlelit dining room is accented by a funky star pointed bar and multi-colored ceiling lamps, with trendy upbeat music in the background.	14
The prices weren't bad though - dinner ended up at $80 with tip and we had a couple drinks as well.	11
The prices weren't bad though - dinner ended up at $80 with tip and we had a couple drinks as well.	1
They always greet me and my friends warmly, deliver food promptly, are happy to answer questions about the menu, and they almost always throw in a free dessert at the end of the meal!	2
They always greet me and my friends warmly, deliver food promptly, are happy to answer questions about the menu, and they almost always throw in a free dessert at the end of the meal!	16
$45 a head with tip for bad gnocchi, mediocre wine (as recommended by a condescending waiter, who thought himself oh-so-nice) and the feeling that our companions (at our shared table) were listening in on all our chatter.	0
$45 a head with tip for bad gnocchi, mediocre wine (as recommended by a condescending waiter, who thought himself oh-so-nice) and the feeling that our companions (at our shared table) were listening in on all our chatter.	22
Our cocktails were ok but at ridiculous dance club prices.	2
Our cocktails were ok but at ridiculous dance club prices.	9
We (naturally) asked for a discount when the bill came, and our waitress disappeared for a moment and offered us.	10
We (naturally) asked for a discount when the bill came, and our waitress disappeared for a moment and offered us.	6
Luckily, I made reservations for our group or else it would have been a long wait.	22
Luckily, I made reservations for our group or else it would have been a long wait.	3
The decor isn't the best and the place is very modest, but if you're around Ditmars Blvd.	12
The decor isn't the best and the place is very modest, but if you're around Ditmars Blvd.	20
The food is great and I found it to be fresh and the prices are below to average compared to other Greek Restaurants.	2
The food is great and I found it to be fresh and the prices are below to average compared to other Greek Restaurants.	9
Once we eventaully got seated (all tables are practically on top of each other), we were hustled through our meal by a waitstaff that clearly knows how quickly they need to turn the table over.	19
Once we eventaully got seated (all tables are practically on top of each other), we were hustled through our meal by a waitstaff that clearly knows how quickly they need to turn the table over.	1
Once we eventaully got seated (all tables are practically on top of each other), we were hustled through our meal by a waitstaff that clearly knows how quickly they need to turn the table over.	8
I went for dinner at Lucy the other night with five friends and it was the best experience I've had in a long time.	1
I went for dinner at Lucy the other night with five friends and it was the best experience I've had in a long time.	21
Didn't get a call so I thought all was ok-they didn't have a reservation and wouldn't seat us for over an hour even though no one else was waiting and I saw several empty tables.	22
Didn't get a call so I thought all was ok-they didn't have a reservation and wouldn't seat us for over an hour even though no one else was waiting and I saw several empty tables.	18
When we were finally seated about half an hour after my reservation, the waitress took her time taking our order.	22
When we were finally seated about half an hour after my reservation, the waitress took her time taking our order.	6
The only apparent flavor in any of the dishes was heat, and a table of four gourmands left at least half of our meals on our plates.	12
The only apparent flavor in any of the dishes was heat, and a table of four gourmands left at least half of our meals on our plates.	22
The only apparent flavor in any of the dishes was heat, and a table of four gourmands left at least half of our meals on our plates.	1
impressive balcony seating and while they forgot to give us the cold appetizers, the waiter and maitre'd more than made up for it by being most accomodating to us.	19
impressive balcony seating and while they forgot to give us the cold appetizers, the waiter and maitre'd more than made up for it by being most accomodating to us.	8
The dessert was as good as the waiter said it would be.	2
The dessert was as good as the waiter said it would be.	7
The Food The menu is better suited to the snacking at the long bar than dining in the compact dining area.	2
The Food The menu is better suited to the snacking at the long bar than dining in the compact dining area.	19
After asking several different people find our waiter, he returned to say he couldn't find any wine and begged us to order sake instead.	6
After asking several different people find our waiter, he returned to say he couldn't find any wine and begged us to order sake instead.	1
When we asked if the waiter could put the lights back on, he said:we have this complaint every night but the owner thinks it's more 'Parisian'!	6
When we asked if the waiter could put the lights back on, he said:we have this complaint every night but the owner thinks it's more 'Parisian'!	13
i have been waiting for 15 mn ( no food menu , no cocktail menu , no one even say hi to me ).	4
i have been waiting for 15 mn ( no food menu , no cocktail menu , no one even say hi to me ).	15
Summary - good food which they rush you through and do everything to up your bill.	2
Summary - good food which they rush you through and do everything to up your bill.	10
The high light was the fondue, that we never got because again the server said the kitchen was too busy.	2
The high light was the fondue, that we never got because again the server said the kitchen was too busy.	7
The high light was the fondue, that we never got because again the server said the kitchen was too busy.	18
The waiters have been there for YEARS and they know their steak is amazing.	7
The waiters have been there for YEARS and they know their steak is amazing.	2
The deli-diner-soul-food menu, featuring everything from matzo balls to barbecued chicken and ribs to 10-ounce burgers, is available until late.	17
The deli-diner-soul-food menu, featuring everything from matzo balls to barbecued chicken and ribs to 10-ounce burgers, is available until late.	1
Very claustrophobic place so expect it to be really crowded during lunch.	18
Very claustrophobic place so expect it to be really crowded during lunch.	1
Not the best ambience and the service is sometimes just mediocre, but the quality of the food is incredible.	12
Not the best ambience and the service is sometimes just mediocre, but the quality of the food is incredible.	3
Not the best ambience and the service is sometimes just mediocre, but the quality of the food is incredible.	2
I have to say that I've been there only during brunch time but the service even though slow, it was good.	1
I have to say that I've been there only during brunch time but the service even though slow, it was good.	3
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	5
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	2
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	9
The portions are like a buffett for breakfast.	21
The portions are like a buffett for breakfast.	1
Service is FAST so if you are dining, order entrees after receiving apps.	5
Service is FAST so if you are dining, order entrees after receiving apps.	1
Dinner is okay - not many vegetarian options, and the portions are small.	1
Dinner is okay - not many vegetarian options, and the portions are small.	21
When the manager was asked for things did imporve but 2 hours to get our meal.	6
When the manager was asked for things did imporve but 2 hours to get our meal.	1
Bread bar couldn't get anything right except water refills (good job to the water guy).	18
Bread bar couldn't get anything right except water refills (good job to the water guy).	1
The Food Chef Tom Kearney (Blue Hill, Jean-Georges) presides over the contemporary, pared-down menu.	8
The Food Chef Tom Kearney (Blue Hill, Jean-Georges) presides over the contemporary, pared-down menu.	16
Service was slow and spotty; had to flag the waiter down many a time to get drink and food orders in.	3
Service was slow and spotty; had to flag the waiter down many a time to get drink and food orders in.	6
Service was slow and spotty; had to flag the waiter down many a time to get drink and food orders in.	1
Although the place had an actual makeover not long ago, the food or chef needs to be changed.	19
Although the place had an actual makeover not long ago, the food or chef needs to be changed.	0
The place looks like the inside of a factory, with its steel drums, over-amped A/C and hard wooden benches, and the industrial decor seeps into overly streamlined menu and passionless food.	16
The place looks like the inside of a factory, with its steel drums, over-amped A/C and hard wooden benches, and the industrial decor seeps into overly streamlined menu and passionless food.	0
I had to try the sweet tea, which was served in a plastic cup at room temperture.	2
I had to try the sweet tea, which was served in a plastic cup at room temperture.	4
I had to try the sweet tea, which was served in a plastic cup at room temperture.	22
I can only say that the soup dumplings are almost as good as Joe's Shanghai and some dishes I had (like Eight Spice appetizer) were tasty while others (Shanghai style Shumai) were less so.	2
I can only say that the soup dumplings are almost as good as Joe's Shanghai and some dishes I had (like Eight Spice appetizer) were tasty while others (Shanghai style Shumai) were less so.	22
We were a large group and would highly recommend all the drinks and foodThe manager on duty was understanding that our friends were very late and held our reservation.	2
We were a large group and would highly recommend all the drinks and foodThe manager on duty was understanding that our friends were very late and held our reservation.	8
We were a large group and would highly recommend all the drinks and foodThe manager on duty was understanding that our friends were very late and held our reservation.	22
Start off with an expertly mixed cocktail or glass of wine at the beautiful bar.	1
Start off with an expertly mixed cocktail or glass of wine at the beautiful bar.	20
The wait staff is slow, full of attitude and forgettful--often taking 20 minutes to bring another round of food and drinks.	6
The wait staff is slow, full of attitude and forgettful--often taking 20 minutes to bring another round of food and drinks.	1
The menu contains both Japanese fusion and plain Italian dishes - everyone should be able to find something they like.	16
The menu contains both Japanese fusion and plain Italian dishes - everyone should be able to find something they like.	22
The menu contains both Japanese fusion and plain Italian dishes - everyone should be able to find something they like.	2
We waited half an hour just to get menus, and watched another table of 10 people leave because they had been ignored by the (single) waiter.	16
We waited half an hour just to get menus, and watched another table of 10 people leave because they had been ignored by the (single) waiter.	6
If you don't mind interacting with sour-puss employees, then by all means, enjoy the treats at Sweet Melissa.	7
If you don't mind interacting with sour-puss employees, then by all means, enjoy the treats at Sweet Melissa.	5
The Scene The consistent lines at this bustling Japanese tapas hot spot don't lie: Yokocho's fresh, reasonably priced comfort food and social atmosphere draw a youthful clientele of cultural natives and gaijin alike.	22
The Scene The consistent lines at this bustling Japanese tapas hot spot don't lie: Yokocho's fresh, reasonably priced comfort food and social atmosphere draw a youthful clientele of cultural natives and gaijin alike.	2
The Scene The consistent lines at this bustling Japanese tapas hot spot don't lie: Yokocho's fresh, reasonably priced comfort food and social atmosphere draw a youthful clientele of cultural natives and gaijin alike.	14
Upon reading the $44 prix fixe menu (a fair price for good food), we realized half of the Appetizers and Entrees required an additional supplement ranging from five dollars to $105!	16
Upon reading the $44 prix fixe menu (a fair price for good food), we realized half of the Appetizers and Entrees required an additional supplement ranging from five dollars to $105!	11
Upon reading the $44 prix fixe menu (a fair price for good food), we realized half of the Appetizers and Entrees required an additional supplement ranging from five dollars to $105!	2
There are times when there is a long wait at lunch so be safe and make a reservation.	3
There are times when there is a long wait at lunch so be safe and make a reservation.	1
There are times when there is a long wait at lunch so be safe and make a reservation.	22
Our meal was interrupted several times by the arguments between our waiter and the maitre 'd.	1
Our meal was interrupted several times by the arguments between our waiter and the maitre 'd.	6
for ANYONE to come and take our dessert order (we had previously seen our waitress going outside for a cigarette break and never coming back).	1
for ANYONE to come and take our dessert order (we had previously seen our waitress going outside for a cigarette break and never coming back).	6
not only were we waiting for half an hour with reservations, once we got seated we waited another 15+ minutes for the waiter to come and take out drink menu.	4
not only were we waiting for half an hour with reservations, once we got seated we waited another 15+ minutes for the waiter to come and take out drink menu.	22
not only were we waiting for half an hour with reservations, once we got seated we waited another 15+ minutes for the waiter to come and take out drink menu.	16
not only were we waiting for half an hour with reservations, once we got seated we waited another 15+ minutes for the waiter to come and take out drink menu.	6
Evidently, our waiter went to the Mediterrean for our humus pita because it took about 25 minutes.	6
Evidently, our waiter went to the Mediterrean for our humus pita because it took about 25 minutes.	1
The Food There's no need to slump into a well-known comfort zone of teriyaki and udon.	14
The Food There's no need to slump into a well-known comfort zone of teriyaki and udon.	1
The outdoor patio is really nice in good weather, but what ambience the indoors possesses is negated by the noise and the crowds.	20
The outdoor patio is really nice in good weather, but what ambience the indoors possesses is negated by the noise and the crowds.	13
I'm not going to trash the place simply because I had a bad experience there, but here's the facts: the food is very good, the portions are small-to-medium, and the prices are large.	18
I'm not going to trash the place simply because I had a bad experience there, but here's the facts: the food is very good, the portions are small-to-medium, and the prices are large.	2
I'm not going to trash the place simply because I had a bad experience there, but here's the facts: the food is very good, the portions are small-to-medium, and the prices are large.	21
I'm not going to trash the place simply because I had a bad experience there, but here's the facts: the food is very good, the portions are small-to-medium, and the prices are large.	9
The bar was a disaster because there were no tables for anyone, and drinks took 20 minutes to receive.	18
The bar was a disaster because there were no tables for anyone, and drinks took 20 minutes to receive.	1
For spending over $100 per person for dinner, i would think that the waiter would put my plate of food down for me instead of handing me my dish.	1
For spending over $100 per person for dinner, i would think that the waiter would put my plate of food down for me instead of handing me my dish.	6
Called to make a reservation and b/c the man who answered was so nice decided to chance it.	22
Called to make a reservation and b/c the man who answered was so nice decided to chance it.	8
I have told so many people to come here even my friend from Japan and we all love it, especially when we get the room for all of us to sit in our own little world eating tons of good sushi!	19
I have told so many people to come here even my friend from Japan and we all love it, especially when we get the room for all of us to sit in our own little world eating tons of good sushi!	2
it's one of the cheapest eats in the city and the food is not bad if you sit at the bar only - they have a decent chicken and/or beef tender tips but they cook with a lot of garlic so beware.	19
it's one of the cheapest eats in the city and the food is not bad if you sit at the bar only - they have a decent chicken and/or beef tender tips but they cook with a lot of garlic so beware.	2
Once we had our menus we were nearly assaulted by wait staff asking if we were ready to order.	16
Once we had our menus we were nearly assaulted by wait staff asking if we were ready to order.	6
The staff is constantly disappearing from the restaurant, making it impossible to get drink refills or to get the check.	6
The staff is constantly disappearing from the restaurant, making it impossible to get drink refills or to get the check.	1
They bought the same surly staff, it still took way too long for food, drink, ANY SERVICE and the food is still $ 12.	6
They bought the same surly staff, it still took way too long for food, drink, ANY SERVICE and the food is still $ 12.	1
They bought the same surly staff, it still took way too long for food, drink, ANY SERVICE and the food is still $ 12.	4
Overall, I would rather go to a chain coffee house up the street for the same priced coffee, but a much more relaxing atmosphere, and no one forgetting my order.	0
Overall, I would rather go to a chain coffee house up the street for the same priced coffee, but a much more relaxing atmosphere, and no one forgetting my order.	14
Cheese on the bottom, sauce on top - not too thick or doughy.	0
Cheese on the bottom, sauce on top - not too thick or doughy.	22
I went for lunch yesterday and had a lovely time.	1
I went for lunch yesterday and had a lovely time.	23
yes as I sat at the table waiting just under 1 HOUR for my food, i was quite tempted to step across the road for a quick snack.	4
yes as I sat at the table waiting just under 1 HOUR for my food, i was quite tempted to step across the road for a quick snack.	2
Forget Brunch- there are usually people waiting outside, although the brunches are delish as well!	4
Forget Brunch- there are usually people waiting outside, although the brunches are delish as well!	2
We didn't see the solitary waitress after seating ourself for over 10 minutes.	6
We didn't see the solitary waitress after seating ourself for over 10 minutes.	19
Don't expect trendy atmosphere: room looks like it could have been designed in 1940s, but who cares - it's actually comfortable and inviting; with great food and unbeatable value, you can't go wrong.	12
Don't expect trendy atmosphere: room looks like it could have been designed in 1940s, but who cares - it's actually comfortable and inviting; with great food and unbeatable value, you can't go wrong.	2
Don't expect trendy atmosphere: room looks like it could have been designed in 1940s, but who cares - it's actually comfortable and inviting; with great food and unbeatable value, you can't go wrong.	23
The hostess was inefficiently seating people and disappeared for minutes at a time, letting the line grow to 15+ people waiting to put their names on the list.	6
The hostess was inefficiently seating people and disappeared for minutes at a time, letting the line grow to 15+ people waiting to put their names on the list.	19
The hostess was inefficiently seating people and disappeared for minutes at a time, letting the line grow to 15+ people waiting to put their names on the list.	4
The pizza is baked in a wood burning oven and the flavor is fantastic.	1
The pizza is baked in a wood burning oven and the flavor is fantastic.	14
The cultured wait staff were accommodating and helped explain and pronounce the items off the menu.	8
The cultured wait staff were accommodating and helped explain and pronounce the items off the menu.	16
Our waitress was pleasant but slow, and the food is simply not good enough to be treated like a nuisance.	8
Our waitress was pleasant but slow, and the food is simply not good enough to be treated like a nuisance.	0
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.	6
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.	2
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.	22
Although we were seated right away and the waiter brought menus promptly as well as drink, he was almost never at our table despite being at the other tables right next to ours.	8
Although we were seated right away and the waiter brought menus promptly as well as drink, he was almost never at our table despite being at the other tables right next to ours.	16
Although we were seated right away and the waiter brought menus promptly as well as drink, he was almost never at our table despite being at the other tables right next to ours.	1
The waiter was conspicuously eyeing our table the entire meal and there was a lot of scurrying by the wait staff in general.	6
The waiter was conspicuously eyeing our table the entire meal and there was a lot of scurrying by the wait staff in general.	22
The waiter was conspicuously eyeing our table the entire meal and there was a lot of scurrying by the wait staff in general.	1
We were rudely told by the waiter that chips are only available at the bar.	6
We were rudely told by the waiter that chips are only available at the bar.	1
We were rudely told by the waiter that chips are only available at the bar.	19
AND, the waitstaff likes to lick its fingers when cutting cakes/pies and serves hot and cold drinks by holding the glass or cup around the brim/top.	6
AND, the waitstaff likes to lick its fingers when cutting cakes/pies and serves hot and cold drinks by holding the glass or cup around the brim/top.	1
AND, the waitstaff likes to lick its fingers when cutting cakes/pies and serves hot and cold drinks by holding the glass or cup around the brim/top.	22
It's very reasonably priced considering the size of portions.	11
It's very reasonably priced considering the size of portions.	22
Disappointed in the selection on the restaurant week menu (which did not include any steak entrees) but impressed with the actual food- everything was very good- fresh and innovative- saffron risotto was not too powerful and the entrees were all good.	16
Disappointed in the selection on the restaurant week menu (which did not include any steak entrees) but impressed with the actual food- everything was very good- fresh and innovative- saffron risotto was not too powerful and the entrees were all good.	0
Its not cheap, it was $10 for a burger and fries, and when i was there, the waiter had dropped a FULL glass of coke on a patron, soaking her through!	1
Its not cheap, it was $10 for a burger and fries, and when i was there, the waiter had dropped a FULL glass of coke on a patron, soaking her through!	6
Its not cheap, it was $10 for a burger and fries, and when i was there, the waiter had dropped a FULL glass of coke on a patron, soaking her through!	22
The specials of the day are the way to go.	2
The specials of the day are the way to go.	22
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.	2
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.	7
Curries are another menu highlight, with several choices including Pa Nang with coconut milk, lemongrass leaves, onions and peppers, and Gang Paa with hot and spicy chili sauce.	17
Curries are another menu highlight, with several choices including Pa Nang with coconut milk, lemongrass leaves, onions and peppers, and Gang Paa with hot and spicy chili sauce.	1
The only downer was the fruit fondue desert from the prie fixe menu wasn't as good as it looked (the chocolate was runny), and the wait between our salad and main course was too long.	0
The only downer was the fruit fondue desert from the prie fixe menu wasn't as good as it looked (the chocolate was runny), and the wait between our salad and main course was too long.	16
The only downer was the fruit fondue desert from the prie fixe menu wasn't as good as it looked (the chocolate was runny), and the wait between our salad and main course was too long.	3
The food was very good but the portions are pretty small, so while the prices are low, the place is not quite a bargain it seems to be.	2
The food was very good but the portions are pretty small, so while the prices are low, the place is not quite a bargain it seems to be.	21
The food was very good but the portions are pretty small, so while the prices are low, the place is not quite a bargain it seems to be.	11
The food was very good but the portions are pretty small, so while the prices are low, the place is not quite a bargain it seems to be.	18
They lost our reservations and the manager quickly came over and apologized and then gave us a free round of drinks and free dessert.	22
They lost our reservations and the manager quickly came over and apologized and then gave us a free round of drinks and free dessert.	8
The service was unattentive and the only time she came over was to aggressively push drinks on us.	3
The service was unattentive and the only time she came over was to aggressively push drinks on us.	1
From the overstuffed menu to the placemats advertising spectacularly festive drinks, to the comfy booths, the decor signals -- this is indeed your grandfather's diner and thank goodness for it.	20
From the overstuffed menu to the placemats advertising spectacularly festive drinks, to the comfy booths, the decor signals -- this is indeed your grandfather's diner and thank goodness for it.	13
For the price you pay, you get good quality and deliciously thin sliced beef.	10
For the price you pay, you get good quality and deliciously thin sliced beef.	23
For the price you pay, you get good quality and deliciously thin sliced beef.	2
Our waitress brought him a regular coke instead of a diet coke, and the salsa had OIL floating at the top.	6
Our waitress brought him a regular coke instead of a diet coke, and the salsa had OIL floating at the top.	1
The Scene Cooing couples find some formality and open air up in the front room, while the subterranean back area offers hunkered-down seating for loungier dining.	22
The Scene Cooing couples find some formality and open air up in the front room, while the subterranean back area offers hunkered-down seating for loungier dining.	14
The Scene Cooing couples find some formality and open air up in the front room, while the subterranean back area offers hunkered-down seating for loungier dining.	19
The Scene Cooing couples find some formality and open air up in the front room, while the subterranean back area offers hunkered-down seating for loungier dining.	1
This is definitely not a place to come for lunch because you can get the same food from a corner deli at half the price they charge here.	1
This is definitely not a place to come for lunch because you can get the same food from a corner deli at half the price they charge here.	11
For example, the last time I was there the bartender seemed visibly irritated that I would ask him for a drink instead of the waitress.	6
For example, the last time I was there the bartender seemed visibly irritated that I would ask him for a drink instead of the waitress.	1
The food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.	2
The food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.	21
I went for lunch and the staff does not welcome you upon entering.	1
I went for lunch and the staff does not welcome you upon entering.	6
I've had the ribeye, the salmon, and a burger/fries at the bar, and they were all exceptional.	2
I've had the ribeye, the salmon, and a burger/fries at the bar, and they were all exceptional.	19
I had the lentils and cous cous for lunch the next day because my friend and I had appetizers before our entrees-- portions are pretty decent for the price, and tasty to boot.	1
I had the lentils and cous cous for lunch the next day because my friend and I had appetizers before our entrees-- portions are pretty decent for the price, and tasty to boot.	23
I had the lentils and cous cous for lunch the next day because my friend and I had appetizers before our entrees-- portions are pretty decent for the price, and tasty to boot.	10
At least you have the ambiance and lovely live piano musice being played for you while you wait.	13
At least you have the ambiance and lovely live piano musice being played for you while you wait.	23
We asked for a side of dressing but the waiter told us that all the salads just had oil and vinegar so we should just use the oil and vinegar that was on the table.	1
We asked for a side of dressing but the waiter told us that all the salads just had oil and vinegar so we should just use the oil and vinegar that was on the table.	6
Growling at us when we asked for water is one thing, but to just lie and make NO effort to satisfy, or apologize at these moderately high prices ($12.	1
Growling at us when we asked for water is one thing, but to just lie and make NO effort to satisfy, or apologize at these moderately high prices ($12.	9
My advice: go the bathroom at home, and then go to Ginza for EXCELLENT sushi and service.	19
My advice: go the bathroom at home, and then go to Ginza for EXCELLENT sushi and service.	2
My advice: go the bathroom at home, and then go to Ginza for EXCELLENT sushi and service.	5
Our meal was capped of with the waiter rudely saying he needed the table for other customers.	1
Our meal was capped of with the waiter rudely saying he needed the table for other customers.	6
Our meal was capped of with the waiter rudely saying he needed the table for other customers.	22
but the Server informed us that they wanted to make the soup their own and that she hopes we like it.	8
but the Server informed us that they wanted to make the soup their own and that she hopes we like it.	1
The hostess had us wait in the bar while our table was set up and we ordered what had to be the best mojitos in the city.	7
The hostess had us wait in the bar while our table was set up and we ordered what had to be the best mojitos in the city.	19
The hostess had us wait in the bar while our table was set up and we ordered what had to be the best mojitos in the city.	2
While the restaurant/space itself isn't so great (somewhat cramped cheesy interior, and the name implies its a burrito take-out place), the service and food outway its few cons.	18
While the restaurant/space itself isn't so great (somewhat cramped cheesy interior, and the name implies its a burrito take-out place), the service and food outway its few cons.	2
While the restaurant/space itself isn't so great (somewhat cramped cheesy interior, and the name implies its a burrito take-out place), the service and food outway its few cons.	3
The music was a bit loud but the song selection was great, so we blew off desert and had another round of drinks at the bar.	23
The music was a bit loud but the song selection was great, so we blew off desert and had another round of drinks at the bar.	1
The music was a bit loud but the song selection was great, so we blew off desert and had another round of drinks at the bar.	19
Heartland is the best place in mid-town to grab a beer after work and meet the cuties that work in the building.	2
Heartland is the best place in mid-town to grab a beer after work and meet the cuties that work in the building.	22
The service was nice, although our food took longer than usual to arrive because it had been brought to the wrong table and accidently eaten.	5
The service was nice, although our food took longer than usual to arrive because it had been brought to the wrong table and accidently eaten.	0
The service was nice, although our food took longer than usual to arrive because it had been brought to the wrong table and accidently eaten.	21
The server was dutiful yet insincere, the brunch drinks above average.	6
The server was dutiful yet insincere, the brunch drinks above average.	2
It looks like a dive but serves up fresh authentic Mexican fare you won't normally find in your average Tex-Mex style restaraunt.	2
It looks like a dive but serves up fresh authentic Mexican fare you won't normally find in your average Tex-Mex style restaraunt.	18
The food was very good but portions were small.	2
The food was very good but portions were small.	21
I prefer to sit at the bar as I don't have to listen to loud, boring conversations from the next table who always seem to be friends of the owner.	19
I prefer to sit at the bar as I don't have to listen to loud, boring conversations from the next table who always seem to be friends of the owner.	22
I prefer to sit at the bar as I don't have to listen to loud, boring conversations from the next table who always seem to be friends of the owner.	6
I went there on my 2nd day in New York ever for a quick lunch and ended up staying and chatting with the owners wife and a waiter, Javi for two hours.	2
I went there on my 2nd day in New York ever for a quick lunch and ended up staying and chatting with the owners wife and a waiter, Javi for two hours.	7
The menu offered unique options and my friends enjoyed their food, but my lentil avacado salad was not better or more interesting than the lunch counter at Saks and my John Dory was overcooked.	17
The menu offered unique options and my friends enjoyed their food, but my lentil avacado salad was not better or more interesting than the lunch counter at Saks and my John Dory was overcooked.	0
The menu offered unique options and my friends enjoyed their food, but my lentil avacado salad was not better or more interesting than the lunch counter at Saks and my John Dory was overcooked.	19
Just look at all those people waiting outside to feat in an unadorned space of cramped shared tables?	4
Just look at all those people waiting outside to feat in an unadorned space of cramped shared tables?	20
The food was delicious, and the menu provided ample choices which suited all of the eaters in our party from the most daring to the most conservative.	2
The food was delicious, and the menu provided ample choices which suited all of the eaters in our party from the most daring to the most conservative.	16
The food was delicious, and the menu provided ample choices which suited all of the eaters in our party from the most daring to the most conservative.	23
My nice waitress even came running out of the restaurant to hand me a tiny box I had forgotten on the table.	8
My nice waitress even came running out of the restaurant to hand me a tiny box I had forgotten on the table.	22
While waiting for a table, tried to get a drink from a bartender who seemed more interested in arguing with his waiters.	4
While waiting for a table, tried to get a drink from a bartender who seemed more interested in arguing with his waiters.	22
While waiting for a table, tried to get a drink from a bartender who seemed more interested in arguing with his waiters.	1
While waiting for a table, tried to get a drink from a bartender who seemed more interested in arguing with his waiters.	6
The chef insisted that the meat was cooked properly!?	6
The chef insisted that the meat was cooked properly!?	2
warm orangey glow, nice old mexican prints, wee bar that my bf and i vowed to go back and linger at.	23
warm orangey glow, nice old mexican prints, wee bar that my bf and i vowed to go back and linger at.	19
I looked for months for a reasonably priced place that could accommodate about 40 people for a wedding rehearsal dinner on a Friday night.	11
I looked for months for a reasonably priced place that could accommodate about 40 people for a wedding rehearsal dinner on a Friday night.	1
We were coldly greeted by a hostess and wait staff who, in spite of our reservation, did not want to seat any of us, including the elderly, until our entire party had arrived.	6
We were coldly greeted by a hostess and wait staff who, in spite of our reservation, did not want to seat any of us, including the elderly, until our entire party had arrived.	22
I had dinner here with a few friends recently, and while I must admit that the food and service was okay, the prices simply did not match the environment and cuisine.	2
I had dinner here with a few friends recently, and while I must admit that the food and service was okay, the prices simply did not match the environment and cuisine.	5
I had dinner here with a few friends recently, and while I must admit that the food and service was okay, the prices simply did not match the environment and cuisine.	9
The birthday girl's dessert included a candle the staff came by with birthday wishes.	1
The birthday girl's dessert included a candle the staff came by with birthday wishes.	8
Our meals were a moderate portion and they weren't too spicy.	1
Our meals were a moderate portion and they weren't too spicy.	21
Although she was obviously busy, she was helpful in describing certain items on the menu and suggested a duck dish that was out of this world.	16
Although she was obviously busy, she was helpful in describing certain items on the menu and suggested a duck dish that was out of this world.	2
We had no problems with our resevations and found the service and the meal well worth a wait, had we run into one.	5
We had no problems with our resevations and found the service and the meal well worth a wait, had we run into one.	1
The place was a bit noisy, but sitting on the edge of the restaurant helped, and although the portions were small, w/ an appetizer it was the perfect amount of food.	21
The place was a bit noisy, but sitting on the edge of the restaurant helped, and although the portions were small, w/ an appetizer it was the perfect amount of food.	2
Although the sushi was fresh, I was disappointed with the size of the portions for the price.	2
Although the sushi was fresh, I was disappointed with the size of the portions for the price.	21
Although the sushi was fresh, I was disappointed with the size of the portions for the price.	10
The chef will not alter any of the three tasting menus.	6
The chef will not alter any of the three tasting menus.	17
Sure the food was - as always - very good, but we were quite outrageous about the waitress.	2
Sure the food was - as always - very good, but we were quite outrageous about the waitress.	6
After our disappointing meal and terrible service we asked to speak to the manager (who was sitting alone having a glass of wine) when we were told he was too busy to speak to us!	3
After our disappointing meal and terrible service we asked to speak to the manager (who was sitting alone having a glass of wine) when we were told he was too busy to speak to us!	6
After our disappointing meal and terrible service we asked to speak to the manager (who was sitting alone having a glass of wine) when we were told he was too busy to speak to us!	1
When I asked to speak to a manager, I was sent to voicemail, and I still haven't received a callback.	6
When I asked to speak to a manager, I was sent to voicemail, and I still haven't received a callback.	22
Yesterday they had numerous bartenders as well as servers and the place wasn't packed and it still took 1/2 an hour to make a martini.	8
Yesterday they had numerous bartenders as well as servers and the place wasn't packed and it still took 1/2 an hour to make a martini.	20
Yesterday they had numerous bartenders as well as servers and the place wasn't packed and it still took 1/2 an hour to make a martini.	1
The waiter handed us menus consisting of about 7 entrees, and after telling us the specials, informed us that there was no chicken.	7
The waiter handed us menus consisting of about 7 entrees, and after telling us the specials, informed us that there was no chicken.	0
Well, no secret that a brunch here on Saturday or Sunday will be a long wait - but once you bite into those pancakes, it will have been worth every minute.	2
Well, no secret that a brunch here on Saturday or Sunday will be a long wait - but once you bite into those pancakes, it will have been worth every minute.	3
We had to remind the waiter to pour our wine (white) and then he didn't show us the label.	6
We had to remind the waiter to pour our wine (white) and then he didn't show us the label.	1
same atmosphere but food was better before years ago- octopus was like chewing a rubber tire- dumplings tasted artificial.	14
same atmosphere but food was better before years ago- octopus was like chewing a rubber tire- dumplings tasted artificial.	0
The food and beer make up for it, but it would be nice if the staff weren't such buzz kills!	2
The food and beer make up for it, but it would be nice if the staff weren't such buzz kills!	6
The waiters seemed annoyed we all ordered the restaurant week menu and were going to cut into their tips.	6
The waiters seemed annoyed we all ordered the restaurant week menu and were going to cut into their tips.	16
my waitress was unable to answer my questions about the menu, and forgot to put in my order.	6
my waitress was unable to answer my questions about the menu, and forgot to put in my order.	16
I highly recommend the potato and cheese pierogis and the polish kielbasa entreesbut the real stars on the menu are the sides.	2
I highly recommend the potato and cheese pierogis and the polish kielbasa entreesbut the real stars on the menu are the sides.	16
Our waiter was pretty much non-existent and when he did come to our table he practically tossed our plates and wine glasses in front of us.	6
Our waiter was pretty much non-existent and when he did come to our table he practically tossed our plates and wine glasses in front of us.	22
Although my waiter had about as much personality as a dead fish, I loved the great solid food and would definately go back.	6
Although my waiter had about as much personality as a dead fish, I loved the great solid food and would definately go back.	2
The atmosphere was so fun that we decided to have another cocktail at the bar and enjoy the scene.	14
The atmosphere was so fun that we decided to have another cocktail at the bar and enjoy the scene.	1
The atmosphere was so fun that we decided to have another cocktail at the bar and enjoy the scene.	19
The atmosphere was so fun that we decided to have another cocktail at the bar and enjoy the scene.	23
Dinner's nothing to scream about (although there are a few winners on the menu), but solid margaritas and appetizers are well-suited for a summer evening.	16
Dinner's nothing to scream about (although there are a few winners on the menu), but solid margaritas and appetizers are well-suited for a summer evening.	2
I was disappointed to hear another waiter (or it could've been the owner) was reading completely different specials (most of which I would've wanted to try if I didn't overhear at the end of our meal) to the table next to us.	6
I was disappointed to hear another waiter (or it could've been the owner) was reading completely different specials (most of which I would've wanted to try if I didn't overhear at the end of our meal) to the table next to us.	1
Alongside the USDA prime dry-cut steaks, the menu features standard steakhouse fare: appetizers like shrimp cocktail, fresh oysters and clams, an array of salads, soups, pastas and vegetable sides, and non-steak entrees like lamb, veal and pork chops, lobster and more.	1
Alongside the USDA prime dry-cut steaks, the menu features standard steakhouse fare: appetizers like shrimp cocktail, fresh oysters and clams, an array of salads, soups, pastas and vegetable sides, and non-steak entrees like lamb, veal and pork chops, lobster and more.	17
But the price tag was high, and the food was comparable to a Las Vegas buffet for flavor and quality.	9
But the price tag was high, and the food was comparable to a Las Vegas buffet for flavor and quality.	2
Forget about the staff and go for the food and pleasant, if a bit cramped Lancaster, Pennsylvania like decor for comfort.	6
Forget about the staff and go for the food and pleasant, if a bit cramped Lancaster, Pennsylvania like decor for comfort.	2
Forget about the staff and go for the food and pleasant, if a bit cramped Lancaster, Pennsylvania like decor for comfort.	14
I mean Pho Viet Huong is at a good location, but face it, the broth is cloudy and oily -they're supposed to constantly dump the top layer off of the Pho broth, service is ran with attitude who cares about you, I have plenty of other customers to make money off of.	1
I mean Pho Viet Huong is at a good location, but face it, the broth is cloudy and oily -they're supposed to constantly dump the top layer off of the Pho broth, service is ran with attitude who cares about you, I have plenty of other customers to make money off of.	3
The lengthy menu includes the likes of mee krob (glass noodles with shrimp, chicken and pork in plum sauce), nur-yang-num-tok (barbecued flank steak served with a spicy sauce), pork with chili and basil leaves and spicy, bean curd coconut milk soup.	16
The lengthy menu includes the likes of mee krob (glass noodles with shrimp, chicken and pork in plum sauce), nur-yang-num-tok (barbecued flank steak served with a spicy sauce), pork with chili and basil leaves and spicy, bean curd coconut milk soup.	2
The Food The fun factor is high on the menu of experimental, multi-ethnic shared plates.	2
The Food The fun factor is high on the menu of experimental, multi-ethnic shared plates.	16
Although it lacks the patina of places like Peter Luger's and Sparks, it still has a steakhouse's telltale wood paneling, chalkboard specials and decorative wine bottles.	7
Although it lacks the patina of places like Peter Luger's and Sparks, it still has a steakhouse's telltale wood paneling, chalkboard specials and decorative wine bottles.	2
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	2
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.	3
The food is just ok, not really memorable and not what you expect for the price but I guess the atmosphere is what you pay for.	2
The food is just ok, not really memorable and not what you expect for the price but I guess the atmosphere is what you pay for.	9
The food is just ok, not really memorable and not what you expect for the price but I guess the atmosphere is what you pay for.	14
The food was good but for the prices, it was definitely not worth it.	2
The food was good but for the prices, it was definitely not worth it.	9
The menu is varied but I think it is the chicken which they do best as.	16
The menu is varied but I think it is the chicken which they do best as.	2
We waited over 30 minutes to get our drinks (which were brought over my the manager) and we could not find anyhting that looked interesting on the menu.	1
We waited over 30 minutes to get our drinks (which were brought over my the manager) and we could not find anyhting that looked interesting on the menu.	6
We waited over 30 minutes to get our drinks (which were brought over my the manager) and we could not find anyhting that looked interesting on the menu.	16
I'm totally into the space-age vibe of this place, but I wish they had more tables to sit down at.	12
I'm totally into the space-age vibe of this place, but I wish they had more tables to sit down at.	20
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.	2
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.	3
the regular prices looked pretty expensive (~$15 per appetizer, ~$35 per entre) so the restaurant week menu (at $35pp) seemed like a sweet deal.	9
the regular prices looked pretty expensive (~$15 per appetizer, ~$35 per entre) so the restaurant week menu (at $35pp) seemed like a sweet deal.	1
Went there a few months ago, and while the food was really good, and I was ready for it to be pricey, the one thing that bothered me was the waiter was standing in a corner watching us eat.	2
Went there a few months ago, and while the food was really good, and I was ready for it to be pricey, the one thing that bothered me was the waiter was standing in a corner watching us eat.	6
I came in for brunch with my parents on Saturday and the place was packed.	1
I came in for brunch with my parents on Saturday and the place was packed.	22
I came in for brunch with my parents on Saturday and the place was packed.	20
While the space is exceptionally small and the seating can be uncomfortable, the food is well worth the few inconveniences.	18
While the space is exceptionally small and the seating can be uncomfortable, the food is well worth the few inconveniences.	2
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.	1
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.	6
The waiter took my boyfriend's order, snatched away the menus and stormed away from the table without even looking at me.	6
The waiter took my boyfriend's order, snatched away the menus and stormed away from the table without even looking at me.	16
This is definitely a special occasion spot, unless you don't mind a hefty bill, but rest assured that either way, it's well worth it.	23
This is definitely a special occasion spot, unless you don't mind a hefty bill, but rest assured that either way, it's well worth it.	9
Went early with reservation, place was empty, and they squeezed our two top in between other diners at a banquette.	22
Went early with reservation, place was empty, and they squeezed our two top in between other diners at a banquette.	18
Food and service were very good but prices were a bit high for the portions.	2
Food and service were very good but prices were a bit high for the portions.	5
Food and service were very good but prices were a bit high for the portions.	9
Food and service were very good but prices were a bit high for the portions.	22
The new fall menu has a black cod with miso broth so good I thought I was at Nobu.	16
The new fall menu has a black cod with miso broth so good I thought I was at Nobu.	2
Went for lunch the bartenders were great, also they had a DJ playing music during the day, there was a Huge screen tv playing music videos and a bunch of other tvs with all the sports you could look at.	1
Went for lunch the bartenders were great, also they had a DJ playing music during the day, there was a Huge screen tv playing music videos and a bunch of other tvs with all the sports you could look at.	8
and don't be ashamed to ask for more during the hour long wait for your entrees.	3
and don't be ashamed to ask for more during the hour long wait for your entrees.	1
The only drawback is that the tiny cafe can only hold so many people with even less tables available, so if you are lucky enough to score a table, stay put with a date and some wine, because no place nearby can serve so much romance with such quality eats.	18
The only drawback is that the tiny cafe can only hold so many people with even less tables available, so if you are lucky enough to score a table, stay put with a date and some wine, because no place nearby can serve so much romance with such quality eats.	2
The candle-lit bar is the destination of trendy wine-sippers and snackers, and the rustic-chic dining room, with brick arches that open onto a tight sidewalk terrazza, is booked weeks in advance.	20
The candle-lit bar is the destination of trendy wine-sippers and snackers, and the rustic-chic dining room, with brick arches that open onto a tight sidewalk terrazza, is booked weeks in advance.	1
I used to live in Japan, and have had some pretty good raw fish, but I was blown away by the Chef's tasting plate, which includes 6 appetizers including a stunning octopus portion and some incredible sashimi.	2
I used to live in Japan, and have had some pretty good raw fish, but I was blown away by the Chef's tasting plate, which includes 6 appetizers including a stunning octopus portion and some incredible sashimi.	7
I used to live in Japan, and have had some pretty good raw fish, but I was blown away by the Chef's tasting plate, which includes 6 appetizers including a stunning octopus portion and some incredible sashimi.	23
I liked the place and the people, but we really went to have dinner no appetizers as the whole dinner.	20
I liked the place and the people, but we really went to have dinner no appetizers as the whole dinner.	23
I liked the place and the people, but we really went to have dinner no appetizers as the whole dinner.	0
Our waiter was a bit weird as well, but the lounge area looked like a nice place to get a drink after work.	6
Our waiter was a bit weird as well, but the lounge area looked like a nice place to get a drink after work.	20
Our waiter was a bit weird as well, but the lounge area looked like a nice place to get a drink after work.	1
The service was really bad at several points our waiter would just leave for a cigarette for like 10 minutes while we waited for him to get us another drink or even pay the bill.	3
The service was really bad at several points our waiter would just leave for a cigarette for like 10 minutes while we waited for him to get us another drink or even pay the bill.	6
The service was really bad at several points our waiter would just leave for a cigarette for like 10 minutes while we waited for him to get us another drink or even pay the bill.	1
The service was really bad at several points our waiter would just leave for a cigarette for like 10 minutes while we waited for him to get us another drink or even pay the bill.	10
I took 8 clients to lunch and was appaled by the overall service.	1
I took 8 clients to lunch and was appaled by the overall service.	5
While the hostess claimed to have lost my reservation, we were there early enough to only have to wait about 10 minutes to seat our party of seven.	6
While the hostess claimed to have lost my reservation, we were there early enough to only have to wait about 10 minutes to seat our party of seven.	22
deserts were slow to order as waiters passed us twice, even with the menus closed.	0
deserts were slow to order as waiters passed us twice, even with the menus closed.	6
deserts were slow to order as waiters passed us twice, even with the menus closed.	16
12/24/03  Dinner was ok, service was so- so,the worst part was the hostess - we made reservations a month before Christmas Eve for three people, you would think the table would be large enough for all three of us.	2
12/24/03  Dinner was ok, service was so- so,the worst part was the hostess - we made reservations a month before Christmas Eve for three people, you would think the table would be large enough for all three of us.	4
12/24/03  Dinner was ok, service was so- so,the worst part was the hostess - we made reservations a month before Christmas Eve for three people, you would think the table would be large enough for all three of us.	6
So if he can't find fresh-good product, he'll remove a dish from the menu which I think is fantastic.	2
So if he can't find fresh-good product, he'll remove a dish from the menu which I think is fantastic.	16
There are some reviews complaining about the menu but I had the same dish the first three times that I was there - and any specials that I have had have been excellent.	16
There are some reviews complaining about the menu but I had the same dish the first three times that I was there - and any specials that I have had have been excellent.	2
The final blow came when the waitress scorned our 16% tip for the meal.	6
The final blow came when the waitress scorned our 16% tip for the meal.	1
Recommend eating at the bar for an intimate, relaxed dinner.	19
Recommend eating at the bar for an intimate, relaxed dinner.	2
When the food arrived, the portions were really small, and didn't really reflect the awesome descriptions on the menu.	1
When the food arrived, the portions were really small, and didn't really reflect the awesome descriptions on the menu.	21
We ordered the Tuna a la carte and Wild Salmon and chicken breast on the Prix Fixe.	2
We ordered the Tuna a la carte and Wild Salmon and chicken breast on the Prix Fixe.	10
oh, and if you're there for drinks at 3:30 on a weekday afternoon, when the place is empty - and ask for a bread basket - they'll charge you $6.	1
oh, and if you're there for drinks at 3:30 on a weekday afternoon, when the place is empty - and ask for a bread basket - they'll charge you $6.	18
Only problem was - an older gentleman (well-dressed but a little enebriated) chose to sit down right next to me - despite the fact that all 15 other seats were free - order himself a martini, and then describe how dry and dissapointing the burger was when he ordered it a few days ago.	6
Only problem was - an older gentleman (well-dressed but a little enebriated) chose to sit down right next to me - despite the fact that all 15 other seats were free - order himself a martini, and then describe how dry and dissapointing the burger was when he ordered it a few days ago.	21
Only problem was - an older gentleman (well-dressed but a little enebriated) chose to sit down right next to me - despite the fact that all 15 other seats were free - order himself a martini, and then describe how dry and dissapointing the burger was when he ordered it a few days ago.	1
You can't fault them for serving up some pretty good food, even if it's a bit overpriced.	4
You can't fault them for serving up some pretty good food, even if it's a bit overpriced.	2
We waited at the bar for only 10 minutes (we had a reservation) - can't complain about that, the restaurant was full and I enjoyed the lively atmosphere and music.	19
We waited at the bar for only 10 minutes (we had a reservation) - can't complain about that, the restaurant was full and I enjoyed the lively atmosphere and music.	14
Bartender made a bad drink for me and I sent it back and was charged for it.	7
Bartender made a bad drink for me and I sent it back and was charged for it.	0
The bar has a large selection of beers on tap,bottles or cans.	19
The bar has a large selection of beers on tap,bottles or cans.	23
The bar has a large selection of beers on tap,bottles or cans.	1
Waited 30 min for a brick they call bread and water, another hour for food (tiiiiiiiny portions).	1
Waited 30 min for a brick they call bread and water, another hour for food (tiiiiiiiny portions).	21
My friends and I dropped by on a Sunday, and there was absolutely NO SERVICE (the supposed only female bartender even told us there was no one else but her, and given that there were people in there waiting to dine and drink, that was ridicoulas!	3
My friends and I dropped by on a Sunday, and there was absolutely NO SERVICE (the supposed only female bartender even told us there was no one else but her, and given that there were people in there waiting to dine and drink, that was ridicoulas!	1
The menu was in Italian- might as well have been in Esperanto;that put us at the mercy of the waiter for recommendations.	16
The menu was in Italian- might as well have been in Esperanto;that put us at the mercy of the waiter for recommendations.	6
We had to flag down the waiter even to refill water glasses!	6
We had to flag down the waiter even to refill water glasses!	22
Waiter spilled a decent amount of water on my friend's plate -and then walked away - didn't remove the plate!	6
Waiter spilled a decent amount of water on my friend's plate -and then walked away - didn't remove the plate!	1
our waiter noticed it was my bday w/o me saying, and brought me cake w/ candles.	8
our waiter noticed it was my bday w/o me saying, and brought me cake w/ candles.	1
The decor is not special at all but their food and amazing prices make up for it.	12
The decor is not special at all but their food and amazing prices make up for it.	2
The decor is not special at all but their food and amazing prices make up for it.	11
Rather you are paying rock bottom price for a meal that could cost you triple any where else.	9
Rather you are paying rock bottom price for a meal that could cost you triple any where else.	1
Granted we were just the girls, but this would also be a great date spot b/c the ambiance is chic and bustling yet you can also hear the conversation at your own table rather than a loud din or worse, someone else's conversation.	23
Granted we were just the girls, but this would also be a great date spot b/c the ambiance is chic and bustling yet you can also hear the conversation at your own table rather than a loud din or worse, someone else's conversation.	12
The portions are big so you can split an appetizer.	23
The portions are big so you can split an appetizer.	1
In the front bar, boisterous neighbors and friends share bottles of wine; the large dining room, with its lovely painted ceiling and oversized portrait of a portly chef, is the destination for serious eating.	19
In the front bar, boisterous neighbors and friends share bottles of wine; the large dining room, with its lovely painted ceiling and oversized portrait of a portly chef, is the destination for serious eating.	1
In the front bar, boisterous neighbors and friends share bottles of wine; the large dining room, with its lovely painted ceiling and oversized portrait of a portly chef, is the destination for serious eating.	14
In the front bar, boisterous neighbors and friends share bottles of wine; the large dining room, with its lovely painted ceiling and oversized portrait of a portly chef, is the destination for serious eating.	8
The calamari, the penne and vodka sauce, the friendly service the parking and the open area kitchen to see all the action in the making!	1
The calamari, the penne and vodka sauce, the friendly service the parking and the open area kitchen to see all the action in the making!	5
I've never been able to find a lunch place in the midtown with the same quality and service, until now.	1
I've never been able to find a lunch place in the midtown with the same quality and service, until now.	23
I've never been able to find a lunch place in the midtown with the same quality and service, until now.	5
staff is still working out their kinks and learning about the menu but no real complaints.	8
staff is still working out their kinks and learning about the menu but no real complaints.	16
It was worth the wait , an hour, without a reservation, for an out of this world meal.	5
It was worth the wait , an hour, without a reservation, for an out of this world meal.	22
Among us, we ordered a large sampling of the menu, and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal.	16
Among us, we ordered a large sampling of the menu, and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal.	2
Service was unbelievably on target down to the smallest detail; our waiter invited us to sample a new desert under consideration for their menu and a new line of ice wines.	5
Service was unbelievably on target down to the smallest detail; our waiter invited us to sample a new desert under consideration for their menu and a new line of ice wines.	8
Service was unbelievably on target down to the smallest detail; our waiter invited us to sample a new desert under consideration for their menu and a new line of ice wines.	16
Service was unbelievably on target down to the smallest detail; our waiter invited us to sample a new desert under consideration for their menu and a new line of ice wines.	1
In addition, the manager refused to come over to apologize - but told the waitress to offer us TWO desserts on the house- when there were FOUR people dining.	6
In addition, the manager refused to come over to apologize - but told the waitress to offer us TWO desserts on the house- when there were FOUR people dining.	1
The waiter disappeared after dropping off the food so I had no choice but to eat it as is.	6
The waiter disappeared after dropping off the food so I had no choice but to eat it as is.	1
I did not find the wait staff to rude at all, how involved do you really want them in your meal right?	8
I did not find the wait staff to rude at all, how involved do you really want them in your meal right?	1
Half way through the meal my husband had to go to the bar to order his own beer, since the server never came back.	1
Half way through the meal my husband had to go to the bar to order his own beer, since the server never came back.	19
Half way through the meal my husband had to go to the bar to order his own beer, since the server never came back.	6
To the amusement of our server, I wrote everything down, lest I forget a single morsel (about 21 different dishes).	8
To the amusement of our server, I wrote everything down, lest I forget a single morsel (about 21 different dishes).	1
Order the porterhouse and they put it between you and you kind of eat family style at a wooden table.	1
Order the porterhouse and they put it between you and you kind of eat family style at a wooden table.	23
It's just a diner, but three decent hearty lunches for 12 bucks?	19
It's just a diner, but three decent hearty lunches for 12 bucks?	2
I ordered a medium Cub burger and it came out well done, not that my server would have noticed since we didn't see her again until she brought the check.	6
I ordered a medium Cub burger and it came out well done, not that my server would have noticed since we didn't see her again until she brought the check.	10
The bar gets out of control busy due to it's proximity to Fordham University--but the Fordham kids are cool, so it's alright!	19
The bar gets out of control busy due to it's proximity to Fordham University--but the Fordham kids are cool, so it's alright!	23
The waiter spent a long time telling us about the menu (and more about his own life history in the process.	6
The waiter spent a long time telling us about the menu (and more about his own life history in the process.	16
Comfort standbys--including bacon-wrapped meat loaf and barbecued ribs, and upscaled interpretations--like tuna club made with wasabi mayo, share space with brunch favorites (Belgian waffles, fluffy buttermilk pancakes and wrecked eggs, or tofu).	14
Comfort standbys--including bacon-wrapped meat loaf and barbecued ribs, and upscaled interpretations--like tuna club made with wasabi mayo, share space with brunch favorites (Belgian waffles, fluffy buttermilk pancakes and wrecked eggs, or tofu).	1
Comfort standbys--including bacon-wrapped meat loaf and barbecued ribs, and upscaled interpretations--like tuna club made with wasabi mayo, share space with brunch favorites (Belgian waffles, fluffy buttermilk pancakes and wrecked eggs, or tofu).	22
In other words, conserative types craving simpler things like grilled chicken or salmon probably would not appreciate Tabla's distinctive and unusual menu.	1
In other words, conserative types craving simpler things like grilled chicken or salmon probably would not appreciate Tabla's distinctive and unusual menu.	15
I write that in quotes becuase iceberg lettuce, stale Pepperidge Farm croutons and bottled dressing does not a salad make.	1
I write that in quotes becuase iceberg lettuce, stale Pepperidge Farm croutons and bottled dressing does not a salad make.	21
The menu sticks to standard Italian dishes--linguine with clam sauce, chicken parmigiana, and fettuccine Alfredo--but the reasonable prices add to the charm.	16
The menu sticks to standard Italian dishes--linguine with clam sauce, chicken parmigiana, and fettuccine Alfredo--but the reasonable prices add to the charm.	1
The menu sticks to standard Italian dishes--linguine with clam sauce, chicken parmigiana, and fettuccine Alfredo--but the reasonable prices add to the charm.	11
The waiter nearly yelled at me when I asked for more water.	6
The waiter nearly yelled at me when I asked for more water.	1
When I asked for a particular drink, the waitress gave me dirty look and annoyed b/c they didn't know what it was.	1
When I asked for a particular drink, the waitress gave me dirty look and annoyed b/c they didn't know what it was.	6
WAY OVER PRICED , HAD MUCH BETTER MEALS FOR JUST OVER HALF THE PRICE IN PLACES JUST AS NICE.	9
WAY OVER PRICED , HAD MUCH BETTER MEALS FOR JUST OVER HALF THE PRICE IN PLACES JUST AS NICE.	2
then, the waiter had nerve to charge me for the fruit salad and bloody mary (which we didn't drink) that came with the omelet (brunch special).	6
then, the waiter had nerve to charge me for the fruit salad and bloody mary (which we didn't drink) that came with the omelet (brunch special).	1
I had the waiters bring back so much meat that that asked me if I wanted Flank steak for dessert.	6
I had the waiters bring back so much meat that that asked me if I wanted Flank steak for dessert.	2
This was followed by various wacky hijinks: overly sweet foie de gras, lack of extra ginger/soy sauce, minute portions even for sushi, appetizers arriving at different times.	21
This was followed by various wacky hijinks: overly sweet foie de gras, lack of extra ginger/soy sauce, minute portions even for sushi, appetizers arriving at different times.	1
The waiter kept pestering us for our order even though we were among the last diners.	6
The waiter kept pestering us for our order even though we were among the last diners.	10
Waiter suggests a beer, and offers to bring a small glass, to taste it and see if I like it, before I even order the beer!	8
Waiter suggests a beer, and offers to bring a small glass, to taste it and see if I like it, before I even order the beer!	22
I ordered dessert and it was they gave me the wrong flavor of ice cream.	1
I ordered dessert and it was they gave me the wrong flavor of ice cream.	12
We started at the bar with a nice bottle of wine, which was priced fairly and sampled several different cheeses.	19
We started at the bar with a nice bottle of wine, which was priced fairly and sampled several different cheeses.	2
A 3 course-meal took 2 1/2 hours, including 20 - 30 minutes waiting to get the check after dessert.	3
A 3 course-meal took 2 1/2 hours, including 20 - 30 minutes waiting to get the check after dessert.	1
And the room is VERY noisy, but I suppose that's because everyone is having a good time.	18
And the room is VERY noisy, but I suppose that's because everyone is having a good time.	23
We fully relied on our very capable waiter for choices of the menu and we were not disappointed.	8
We fully relied on our very capable waiter for choices of the menu and we were not disappointed.	16
The food was abundant and good but wasn't worth the unpleasant wait.	2
The food was abundant and good but wasn't worth the unpleasant wait.	3
perhaps the place is better after the theatre crowd is gone but we were in the midst of it and it wasn't a very enjoyable experience.	20
perhaps the place is better after the theatre crowd is gone but we were in the midst of it and it wasn't a very enjoyable experience.	22
The waiter didn't know the menu, didn't bring more than one item at a time, and put some orders in twice with the kitchen.	6
The waiter didn't know the menu, didn't bring more than one item at a time, and put some orders in twice with the kitchen.	16
The waiter didn't know the menu, didn't bring more than one item at a time, and put some orders in twice with the kitchen.	19
The Scene You won't blink twice at the restaurant's spartan decor: As the packed crowds and critics' praises wallpapering the front wall agree, this longtime local favorite is truly one of the area's most exquisite finds.	22
The Scene You won't blink twice at the restaurant's spartan decor: As the packed crowds and critics' praises wallpapering the front wall agree, this longtime local favorite is truly one of the area's most exquisite finds.	14
The rolls are tiny so you have to order more anyway and they will often get your order wrong if you stray from the menu.	0
The rolls are tiny so you have to order more anyway and they will often get your order wrong if you stray from the menu.	16
Into our appetizer, an adjacent table became available, and we asked if we could use it, but the waiter said it most likely was being used.	1
Into our appetizer, an adjacent table became available, and we asked if we could use it, but the waiter said it most likely was being used.	6
The service has always been outstanding and even when we didn't have a reservation they worked something out, where I agreed to keep our meal to just eating.	5
The service has always been outstanding and even when we didn't have a reservation they worked something out, where I agreed to keep our meal to just eating.	22
The service has always been outstanding and even when we didn't have a reservation they worked something out, where I agreed to keep our meal to just eating.	1
We reserved the downstair lounge for private parties and the price was fairly reasonable.	19
We reserved the downstair lounge for private parties and the price was fairly reasonable.	11
To start with - the maitre'd forgot our reservation and then when it came time to sit us down - he told us we only had an hour.	6
To start with - the maitre'd forgot our reservation and then when it came time to sit us down - he told us we only had an hour.	22
In Short The bi-level dining room, which resembles a bamboo-thatched hut, is a brightly-lit, wide-open space with high ceilings and laminated depictions of Indian village life.	1
In Short The bi-level dining room, which resembles a bamboo-thatched hut, is a brightly-lit, wide-open space with high ceilings and laminated depictions of Indian village life.	20
At least the entertainment was free, as we were able to witness one customer wooing a waitress, and another being drenched in milk.	14
At least the entertainment was free, as we were able to witness one customer wooing a waitress, and another being drenched in milk.	6
At least the entertainment was free, as we were able to witness one customer wooing a waitress, and another being drenched in milk.	1
The table next to us recommended that share because the portions are big(we split two entrees)The food was so good I wish that there was some left over to take home for the next day.	23
The table next to us recommended that share because the portions are big(we split two entrees)The food was so good I wish that there was some left over to take home for the next day.	1
We were immediately seated (the restaurant was no where close to being packed, surprise, surprise) There are very few selections on the menu and the food is not that great and the dining experience at Butter is completely overrated.	16
We were immediately seated (the restaurant was no where close to being packed, surprise, surprise) There are very few selections on the menu and the food is not that great and the dining experience at Butter is completely overrated.	0
The service was good, but not excellent; however, the waiter was initially huffy with me when my guest was only 5 minutes late, threatening to make me move!	5
The service was good, but not excellent; however, the waiter was initially huffy with me when my guest was only 5 minutes late, threatening to make me move!	6
When our entrees came, at least 3 or 4 waiters / waitresses came by at different times to wish us bon apetit.	1
When our entrees came, at least 3 or 4 waiters / waitresses came by at different times to wish us bon apetit.	6
the server absolutely did not know what in the world he was talking about when we aske questios about the menu, and he barely spoke English.	6
the server absolutely did not know what in the world he was talking about when we aske questios about the menu, and he barely spoke English.	16
Warning Service is decent, but it takes forever to get the check.	5
Warning Service is decent, but it takes forever to get the check.	9
Good food, but bad service.	2
Good food, but bad service.	3
The waiters actually roll their eyes when you order something, as if you are imposing on them by ordering food.	6
The waiters actually roll their eyes when you order something, as if you are imposing on them by ordering food.	1
Our waiter had started to circle around our table like a shark after our 2nd dish, taking out plates when we were not even done.	6
Our waiter had started to circle around our table like a shark after our 2nd dish, taking out plates when we were not even done.	22
My reservation for 2 was during lunch and it seemed that because I was literally 2 minutes late, the hostess felt the need to seat every party before mine.	22
My reservation for 2 was during lunch and it seemed that because I was literally 2 minutes late, the hostess felt the need to seat every party before mine.	1
My reservation for 2 was during lunch and it seemed that because I was literally 2 minutes late, the hostess felt the need to seat every party before mine.	6
I can't even remember if they serve anything else -- a busy hole in the wall sized place and atmosphere.	18
I can't even remember if they serve anything else -- a busy hole in the wall sized place and atmosphere.	13
We had to wait an hour before our food was served, then another hour inbetween courses, all the while whilst the staff were naughtily hiding in an attempt to avoid our 'where's out food?'	4
We had to wait an hour before our food was served, then another hour inbetween courses, all the while whilst the staff were naughtily hiding in an attempt to avoid our 'where's out food?'	1
We had to wait an hour before our food was served, then another hour inbetween courses, all the while whilst the staff were naughtily hiding in an attempt to avoid our 'where's out food?'	6
The Kitchen is only separated from its patrons by glass is immaculate and the service is undeniable heartfelt.	19
The Kitchen is only separated from its patrons by glass is immaculate and the service is undeniable heartfelt.	5
It was also very reasonably priced, we had 4 bottles of wine, appetizers, dinner, and coffee and our bill was just over 50 per person.	11
It was also very reasonably priced, we had 4 bottles of wine, appetizers, dinner, and coffee and our bill was just over 50 per person.	1
While I would agree with the initial review that Asia de Cuba isn't really Asian or Cuban in its decor, the food was a nice fusion.	13
While I would agree with the initial review that Asia de Cuba isn't really Asian or Cuban in its decor, the food was a nice fusion.	2
It took a long time for the waiter to bring the check and we had to flag him down.	6
It took a long time for the waiter to bring the check and we had to flag him down.	10
Only drawback is the sound level - quite a loud space downstairs - and that might be accounted for with their trendy bar and right off Times Square.	0
Only drawback is the sound level - quite a loud space downstairs - and that might be accounted for with their trendy bar and right off Times Square.	20
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.	15
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.	2
Went the next day for lunch - menu too pricey for lunch and the waiter was the WORST !!	22
Went the next day for lunch - menu too pricey for lunch and the waiter was the WORST !!	15
Went the next day for lunch - menu too pricey for lunch and the waiter was the WORST !!	6
The Food It's billed as Asian street food, but since the menu is a creative collaboration between expert chefs Vongerichten and Gray Kunz, dishes show unmistakable finesse.	1
The Food It's billed as Asian street food, but since the menu is a creative collaboration between expert chefs Vongerichten and Gray Kunz, dishes show unmistakable finesse.	17
Al Di La serves up an impressive selection of options ranging from meditarranean fish to rabbit to to duck to pasta.	23
Al Di La serves up an impressive selection of options ranging from meditarranean fish to rabbit to to duck to pasta.	1
when someone from our table of 5 asked the waitress for refill on water, she comes back and fills only that person's glass, leaving the rest of the table with almost empty glasses.	6
when someone from our table of 5 asked the waitress for refill on water, she comes back and fills only that person's glass, leaving the rest of the table with almost empty glasses.	1
when someone from our table of 5 asked the waitress for refill on water, she comes back and fills only that person's glass, leaving the rest of the table with almost empty glasses.	22
We told the manager it was not worth a few appetizers to be treated that way and left.	7
We told the manager it was not worth a few appetizers to be treated that way and left.	2
The food is decent, but WAY TOO SMALL of portions for what you pay for.	2
The food is decent, but WAY TOO SMALL of portions for what you pay for.	21
We would have to flag down the bored looking wait staff to refill our tea.	6
We would have to flag down the bored looking wait staff to refill our tea.	1
Watch out for the overworked, stressed out waitress who dumps tapa dishes on the table and leaves w/out announcing what it is.	6
Watch out for the overworked, stressed out waitress who dumps tapa dishes on the table and leaves w/out announcing what it is.	1
Watch out for the overworked, stressed out waitress who dumps tapa dishes on the table and leaves w/out announcing what it is.	22
I would not recommend this place until they get a new staff that can complement the food.	6
I would not recommend this place until they get a new staff that can complement the food.	1
The food was pretty good, but due to our large size (~16) the manager asked us to limit our appetizers to just 3 selections b/c he didn't want to overburden his cooks.	6
The food was pretty good, but due to our large size (~16) the manager asked us to limit our appetizers to just 3 selections b/c he didn't want to overburden his cooks.	1
Our waitress seemed less than happy about the prix fixe dinner choices and at one point said, Do you really need to hear the specials?	6
Our waitress seemed less than happy about the prix fixe dinner choices and at one point said, Do you really need to hear the specials?	1
On the table you will also find individual bottles of fine imported olive oil which we put on the bread-fantastic!	22
On the table you will also find individual bottles of fine imported olive oil which we put on the bread-fantastic!	2
The service was good enough for a crowded place.	5
The service was good enough for a crowded place.	18
Then the staff behind the buffett just haven't gotten their groove yet, so you order your food and wait five minutes while it sits behind the glass on a plate, getting cold.	6
Then the staff behind the buffett just haven't gotten their groove yet, so you order your food and wait five minutes while it sits behind the glass on a plate, getting cold.	1
Then the staff behind the buffett just haven't gotten their groove yet, so you order your food and wait five minutes while it sits behind the glass on a plate, getting cold.	22
They are negligent in alerting customers when an order is ready - you could end up waiting for half an hour while your food is sitting on their counter getting cold.	4
They are negligent in alerting customers when an order is ready - you could end up waiting for half an hour while your food is sitting on their counter getting cold.	0
They are negligent in alerting customers when an order is ready - you could end up waiting for half an hour while your food is sitting on their counter getting cold.	19
The bar tender didn't know where the tea was, waiters started making the drinks if the bar tender wasn't around.	1
The bar tender didn't know where the tea was, waiters started making the drinks if the bar tender wasn't around.	6
It took forever to seat us even though the restaurant was almost completely empty, then we had to ask to be waited on, it took another 15 minutes to get our drinks, and then another 30 minutes to get our salad and then even more time to get our pizza and then our bill.	21
It took forever to seat us even though the restaurant was almost completely empty, then we had to ask to be waited on, it took another 15 minutes to get our drinks, and then another 30 minutes to get our salad and then even more time to get our pizza and then our bill.	1
The waitress/hostess seemed a bit sad when we told her we weren't ordering dessert (those arepas are deceptively filling!	6
The waitress/hostess seemed a bit sad when we told her we weren't ordering dessert (those arepas are deceptively filling!	1
Nice decor and an extensive menu lured me in, but the horrible service and rude staff drove me out.	17
Nice decor and an extensive menu lured me in, but the horrible service and rude staff drove me out.	6
As expected, the beer selection is perfectly in synch with the menu.	23
As expected, the beer selection is perfectly in synch with the menu.	16
yes Shrimp not lobster (those are 6 Lbs) try the exotic Fish not on the menu and a must have is the Flower stuffed with lump crab meat.	2
yes Shrimp not lobster (those are 6 Lbs) try the exotic Fish not on the menu and a must have is the Flower stuffed with lump crab meat.	16
The House salad is big enough to split, The Fried Calamari is some of the best I ever ate, the bowties broccoli, broccoli rabe, square slices, broiled filet of sole, clam sauce.	2
The House salad is big enough to split, The Fried Calamari is some of the best I ever ate, the bowties broccoli, broccoli rabe, square slices, broiled filet of sole, clam sauce.	22
The only problem my party found was that when people asked for knives and forks (there were only chopsticks on the table) the waitress laughed at them.	22
The only problem my party found was that when people asked for knives and forks (there were only chopsticks on the table) the waitress laughed at them.	6
I have a litany of complaints -- being over-charged for wine that I didn't order, shady waiters, so-so food that arrived at the table luke warm, main course portion sizes barely large enough to be appetizer sizes, lack of fabulosity that Mr.	0
I have a litany of complaints -- being over-charged for wine that I didn't order, shady waiters, so-so food that arrived at the table luke warm, main course portion sizes barely large enough to be appetizer sizes, lack of fabulosity that Mr.	6
I have a litany of complaints -- being over-charged for wine that I didn't order, shady waiters, so-so food that arrived at the table luke warm, main course portion sizes barely large enough to be appetizer sizes, lack of fabulosity that Mr.	22
Unlike the reviewer before me, what made me KEEP going back was the great reception I received from the bouncers and I needed several cocktails to endure the waitstaff.	1
Unlike the reviewer before me, what made me KEEP going back was the great reception I received from the bouncers and I needed several cocktails to endure the waitstaff.	8
We were the only two people sitting out front and the waiter was unable to provide us with attentive service OR our dinner.	5
We were the only two people sitting out front and the waiter was unable to provide us with attentive service OR our dinner.	1
We finally flagged down another server who brought us more to drink, and then they took forever with the check.	6
We finally flagged down another server who brought us more to drink, and then they took forever with the check.	1
The waitress forgot our coffee, took forever to take our order, never checked in with us after the food came and when we were done, didn't bring us the check for the longest time.	6
The waitress forgot our coffee, took forever to take our order, never checked in with us after the food came and when we were done, didn't bring us the check for the longest time.	1
Wish the Greenwich street location had more seating like their 2nd Ave location, because one invariably leaves it smelling of grease.	20
Wish the Greenwich street location had more seating like their 2nd Ave location, because one invariably leaves it smelling of grease.	1
Aside from that, the service is adequate (visible, and will help you if you ask, but lack initiative), and the food, well, could be a lot worse.	5
Aside from that, the service is adequate (visible, and will help you if you ask, but lack initiative), and the food, well, could be a lot worse.	0
The wait staff was better the second time around and our water glasses were always full.	8
The wait staff was better the second time around and our water glasses were always full.	22
I highly suggest you make reservations, as wait times can be extremely long.	22
I highly suggest you make reservations, as wait times can be extremely long.	3
For a restaurant with such limited menu and wine list, each dish should better be darn good.	15
For a restaurant with such limited menu and wine list, each dish should better be darn good.	2
Waitress kept trying to get us to order more drinks while apologizing but wouldn't even bring bread to keep us from starving.	6
Waitress kept trying to get us to order more drinks while apologizing but wouldn't even bring bread to keep us from starving.	1
You must think that the quality is poor for them to sell it for such a low price.	21
You must think that the quality is poor for them to sell it for such a low price.	11
Both appetizers arrived cold/luke-warm, which we had to send back, only to have the waiter tell us that one was supposed to be cold.	0
Both appetizers arrived cold/luke-warm, which we had to send back, only to have the waiter tell us that one was supposed to be cold.	7
The Food Consulting Chef Douglas Rodriguez's forte is blending the diversity of traditional Latin cuisine with modern culinary chic: A celery sorbet cools the spicy-citrus bite of lobster; shrimp seviche and crunchy green plantains coat thick, juicy halibut resting on sweet plantain hash; and tart tomato escabeche moistens a chewy skirt steak.	2
The Food Consulting Chef Douglas Rodriguez's forte is blending the diversity of traditional Latin cuisine with modern culinary chic: A celery sorbet cools the spicy-citrus bite of lobster; shrimp seviche and crunchy green plantains coat thick, juicy halibut resting on sweet plantain hash; and tart tomato escabeche moistens a chewy skirt steak.	7
The Food Consulting Chef Douglas Rodriguez's forte is blending the diversity of traditional Latin cuisine with modern culinary chic: A celery sorbet cools the spicy-citrus bite of lobster; shrimp seviche and crunchy green plantains coat thick, juicy halibut resting on sweet plantain hash; and tart tomato escabeche moistens a chewy skirt steak.	23
The perfect meal; delux combo raw bar as an appetizer, King crab as your entree.	2
The perfect meal; delux combo raw bar as an appetizer, King crab as your entree.	19
The place was not crowded for dinner on a Sunday night at 8:30pm.	20
The place was not crowded for dinner on a Sunday night at 8:30pm.	1
Waiter dropped check on table while I was in the middle of handing my wife her anniversary present.	6
Waiter dropped check on table while I was in the middle of handing my wife her anniversary present.	10
Meat wasn't fall-off-the bone (a sign of over-cooking) but was tender and had deep flavor.	0
Meat wasn't fall-off-the bone (a sign of over-cooking) but was tender and had deep flavor.	14
The waiter came back after I had finished my appetizer to correct himself and let me know that it wasn't vegetarian (chicken stock) after all.	6
The waiter came back after I had finished my appetizer to correct himself and let me know that it wasn't vegetarian (chicken stock) after all.	1
Food took over an hour despite at least two chasers, we had to track the server down to get extra drinks, the manager seemed to try and deliberately mislead us about the reason behind the delay and in the end the food was poor.	6
Food took over an hour despite at least two chasers, we had to track the server down to get extra drinks, the manager seemed to try and deliberately mislead us about the reason behind the delay and in the end the food was poor.	1
The waiters are nice, but weren't particularly good - waited forever to order and resented not being told that my dinner companion and I had ordered enough for a table of 10 (given the size of the sushi).	8
The waiters are nice, but weren't particularly good - waited forever to order and resented not being told that my dinner companion and I had ordered enough for a table of 10 (given the size of the sushi).	1
The waiters are nice, but weren't particularly good - waited forever to order and resented not being told that my dinner companion and I had ordered enough for a table of 10 (given the size of the sushi).	22
The place is very loud, good for drinks by the bar not to eat and yell.	18
The place is very loud, good for drinks by the bar not to eat and yell.	2
The Scene Less trendy than Plan Eat Thailand, less crowded than Veracruz and infinitely more charming is Bean, a Mexican spot on Bedford Avenue's college-town-like stretch.	2
The Scene Less trendy than Plan Eat Thailand, less crowded than Veracruz and infinitely more charming is Bean, a Mexican spot on Bedford Avenue's college-town-like stretch.	22
50, I got the Paella Marinera which was beyond filling in itself, but before it even came, the waitstaff provided more than ample appetizers for my group that by the time that the meal came to us, we were so stuffed, we could barely finish up the meal.	8
50, I got the Paella Marinera which was beyond filling in itself, but before it even came, the waitstaff provided more than ample appetizers for my group that by the time that the meal came to us, we were so stuffed, we could barely finish up the meal.	1
I thought the bar was fair in terms of decor, but how long do you have wait at the bar before a bartender with an attitude (he wasn't rude, but not friendly) makes you an awful drink, but food was delightful and music light and tasty as well.	14
I thought the bar was fair in terms of decor, but how long do you have wait at the bar before a bartender with an attitude (he wasn't rude, but not friendly) makes you an awful drink, but food was delightful and music light and tasty as well.	6
I thought the bar was fair in terms of decor, but how long do you have wait at the bar before a bartender with an attitude (he wasn't rude, but not friendly) makes you an awful drink, but food was delightful and music light and tasty as well.	0
The Food A good way to judge a Thai spot is by its green curry: The all-Thai staff here fashions it spicy and smooth, filled to bursting with meat and thin-sliced bamboo shoots.	1
The Food A good way to judge a Thai spot is by its green curry: The all-Thai staff here fashions it spicy and smooth, filled to bursting with meat and thin-sliced bamboo shoots.	7
The Food A good way to judge a Thai spot is by its green curry: The all-Thai staff here fashions it spicy and smooth, filled to bursting with meat and thin-sliced bamboo shoots.	23
maybe its the cost of top ingredients but 17.	10
maybe its the cost of top ingredients but 17.	14
Their menu is limited, they serve miniscule omelettes that may be suitable for a child (with what seems like a teaspoon of stuffing) with a salad (have to pay even more for fries) for $10- which was poorly washed and there were bits of soil all over it!!	15
Their menu is limited, they serve miniscule omelettes that may be suitable for a child (with what seems like a teaspoon of stuffing) with a salad (have to pay even more for fries) for $10- which was poorly washed and there were bits of soil all over it!!	1
the place looks cool, but the food is not really that good.	20
the place looks cool, but the food is not really that good.	0
Spend your time sitting on one of their couches enjoying a cocktail from the bar.	2
Spend your time sitting on one of their couches enjoying a cocktail from the bar.	19
I will have to say the food was good and the chance to sample wines not often found in other restaurants was a positive but the abyssmal service left a bad taste.	2
I will have to say the food was good and the chance to sample wines not often found in other restaurants was a positive but the abyssmal service left a bad taste.	3
I don't know why people complain about the service - our waiter brought our drinks and food out promptly.	8
I don't know why people complain about the service - our waiter brought our drinks and food out promptly.	1
And the service is unbearable - I waited for ages to get my drink, got the wrong sushi order, and had my appetizer whisked away prematurely.	3
And the service is unbearable - I waited for ages to get my drink, got the wrong sushi order, and had my appetizer whisked away prematurely.	1
Once they took our wine order, it took 45 minutes for it to arrive, even though the waiter was talking to a patron next to us.	1
Once they took our wine order, it took 45 minutes for it to arrive, even though the waiter was talking to a patron next to us.	6
In Short Though it's more of a takeout and delivery operation than a sit-down restaurant, Risotteria does offer eight small tables for those who want to savor their risotto hot off the stove.	4
In Short Though it's more of a takeout and delivery operation than a sit-down restaurant, Risotteria does offer eight small tables for those who want to savor their risotto hot off the stove.	18
In Short Though it's more of a takeout and delivery operation than a sit-down restaurant, Risotteria does offer eight small tables for those who want to savor their risotto hot off the stove.	2
The space was unique (even though looking out the skylight windows on a tenament was a bit odd) and the service, happily, was fine.	20
The space was unique (even though looking out the skylight windows on a tenament was a bit odd) and the service, happily, was fine.	1
The space was unique (even though looking out the skylight windows on a tenament was a bit odd) and the service, happily, was fine.	5
The food and cocktails at SushiSamba were very good; however the seating is so tight and uncomfortable and the service so rushed that I will probably never go back.	2
The food and cocktails at SushiSamba were very good; however the seating is so tight and uncomfortable and the service so rushed that I will probably never go back.	18
Prompt local delivery, minimal seating and counter space.	5
Prompt local delivery, minimal seating and counter space.	19
The kitchen turns out a long list of American bar food staples, like burgers and fries.	23
The kitchen turns out a long list of American bar food staples, like burgers and fries.	1
When I went back to the hostess (yes it was past the time we had for our original reservation) - she said that it was fine to get seated but we needed to leave in an hour.	6
When I went back to the hostess (yes it was past the time we had for our original reservation) - she said that it was fine to get seated but we needed to leave in an hour.	22
One price for dinner left for no surprises.	9
One price for dinner left for no surprises.	1
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.	21
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.	2
The restaurant has a somewhat unique decor, with portrait of the owner meditating and books about meditation.	14
The restaurant has a somewhat unique decor, with portrait of the owner meditating and books about meditation.	7
This is one of my first dining experiences in NYC when I first moved here 10 years ago, and although Hudson Corner is consistently good, it has gone downhill over the years in both food quality and service!	22
This is one of my first dining experiences in NYC when I first moved here 10 years ago, and although Hudson Corner is consistently good, it has gone downhill over the years in both food quality and service!	0
This is one of my first dining experiences in NYC when I first moved here 10 years ago, and although Hudson Corner is consistently good, it has gone downhill over the years in both food quality and service!	3
Food turned out to be descent, but the waitress disappeared from the moment we placed the order untill she came back with the check.	2
Food turned out to be descent, but the waitress disappeared from the moment we placed the order untill she came back with the check.	6
We asked for more coffee, water and couldn't even get that from our server.	1
We asked for more coffee, water and couldn't even get that from our server.	6
We made a reservation for 5:30pm (20 people) and people were still arriving at 5:45 (over half the group was there) when the manager came over and literally yelled at us for not being on time saying it was a busy time for him, when in fact there were several empty tables throughout the restaurant.	22
We made a reservation for 5:30pm (20 people) and people were still arriving at 5:45 (over half the group was there) when the manager came over and literally yelled at us for not being on time saying it was a busy time for him, when in fact there were several empty tables throughout the restaurant.	6
We made a reservation for 5:30pm (20 people) and people were still arriving at 5:45 (over half the group was there) when the manager came over and literally yelled at us for not being on time saying it was a busy time for him, when in fact there were several empty tables throughout the restaurant.	19
The Crystal Ballroom was closed for a private party, so we couldn't even enjoy the decor.	22
The Crystal Ballroom was closed for a private party, so we couldn't even enjoy the decor.	12
Even as a stranger, the service at the bar was excellent as was the wait staff who continuously checked back to see if I was okay while waiting for my party.	5
Even as a stranger, the service at the bar was excellent as was the wait staff who continuously checked back to see if I was okay while waiting for my party.	19
Even as a stranger, the service at the bar was excellent as was the wait staff who continuously checked back to see if I was okay while waiting for my party.	8
The waiter kept coming up and asking to take our plates while we were still eating and the manager stood and stared at us through half our meal!	6
The waiter kept coming up and asking to take our plates while we were still eating and the manager stood and stared at us through half our meal!	22
The waiter kept coming up and asking to take our plates while we were still eating and the manager stood and stared at us through half our meal!	1
The service was fine, out appitizers took forever to come out, and then they dumped the rest of the food on us, without giving us a chance to enjoy our appitizers.	5
The service was fine, out appitizers took forever to come out, and then they dumped the rest of the food on us, without giving us a chance to enjoy our appitizers.	1
Great deal for lunch; came to something like $11 with tip and tax!	0
Great deal for lunch; came to something like $11 with tip and tax!	10
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	14
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	3
The restaurant was recently taken over by new managment and, having eaten there under the prior management, I can say that the quality of the dishes has improved.	7
The restaurant was recently taken over by new managment and, having eaten there under the prior management, I can say that the quality of the dishes has improved.	23
The Food Pies come in three sizes, from a petite five inches (perfect for the solo diner) up to 10.	1
The Food Pies come in three sizes, from a petite five inches (perfect for the solo diner) up to 10.	20
I'd recommend going across the street to Recharge for some healthy burgers and fries before hitting the bar.	2
I'd recommend going across the street to Recharge for some healthy burgers and fries before hitting the bar.	19
But when the bartender messes up the returned drinks something is wrong.	6
But when the bartender messes up the returned drinks something is wrong.	1
Order ended up being double the price of a normal lunch.	9
Order ended up being double the price of a normal lunch.	1
The waitress lost some points for not refilling our champagne glasses.	6
The waitress lost some points for not refilling our champagne glasses.	1
Although the homefried potatoes were not worth the plate space, next time I'll ask to substitute a nice salad.	18
Although the homefried potatoes were not worth the plate space, next time I'll ask to substitute a nice salad.	2
Service was good except the waitress brought over the check before I asked her.	5
Service was good except the waitress brought over the check before I asked her.	6
The waiter (someone I know has been working there since it was just LCB) POURED MY WINE FROM THE DIRTY GLASS INTO A CLEAN ONE AND SERVED IT TO ME!	6
The waiter (someone I know has been working there since it was just LCB) POURED MY WINE FROM THE DIRTY GLASS INTO A CLEAN ONE AND SERVED IT TO ME!	1
In addition, they lack basic ammenities like a toaster, and the decor was shabby, at best.	1
In addition, they lack basic ammenities like a toaster, and the decor was shabby, at best.	12
The ambience is extremely romantic, even if you get seated upstairs.	14
The ambience is extremely romantic, even if you get seated upstairs.	19
The only blemish was our waitress, who left us with empty drinks for quite a long time.	6
The only blemish was our waitress, who left us with empty drinks for quite a long time.	1
The steaks are just as good, with an assortment of tasty side dishes that make Peter Luger's menu look like the slip in a fortune cookie.	2
The steaks are just as good, with an assortment of tasty side dishes that make Peter Luger's menu look like the slip in a fortune cookie.	22
The steaks are just as good, with an assortment of tasty side dishes that make Peter Luger's menu look like the slip in a fortune cookie.	16
Theme and actors are kinda cool but you are charged some entertainment fee on top of the expensive food and drinks.	23
Theme and actors are kinda cool but you are charged some entertainment fee on top of the expensive food and drinks.	0
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.	3
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.	1
The waitress took forever to take our order, we waited almost an hour for our appetizers, and then she asked us whether she even put the order in -- as if we would even know.	6
The waitress took forever to take our order, we waited almost an hour for our appetizers, and then she asked us whether she even put the order in -- as if we would even know.	1
since it looks like everyone's already familiar with the rude hostess and long wait for a table (even with a reservation), i'll skip that part.	6
since it looks like everyone's already familiar with the rude hostess and long wait for a table (even with a reservation), i'll skip that part.	3
since it looks like everyone's already familiar with the rude hostess and long wait for a table (even with a reservation), i'll skip that part.	22
Waiters and busboys were taking our water glasses and the tip tray off the table before we had counted the change.	6
Waiters and busboys were taking our water glasses and the tip tray off the table before we had counted the change.	22
Try the Duck Confit Hash (topped with two eggs) or the Beer Battered Fish Chips on the Brunch menu.	2
Try the Duck Confit Hash (topped with two eggs) or the Beer Battered Fish Chips on the Brunch menu.	16
It still took a little while to get our drinks and food - But the atmosphere made up for it.	1
It still took a little while to get our drinks and food - But the atmosphere made up for it.	14
The Food This isn't for those on a budget, but portions are generous.	0
The Food This isn't for those on a budget, but portions are generous.	23
After our meal,the manager, even took some of his time to sit with us and give us a lesson in Sake 101.	1
After our meal,the manager, even took some of his time to sit with us and give us a lesson in Sake 101.	8
The rest of the meal was good, but a little over priced for Chinese take out style food.	9
The rest of the meal was good, but a little over priced for Chinese take out style food.	1
i mean the place was empty and it seemed to take for ever to get food, drink or the check.	20
i mean the place was empty and it seemed to take for ever to get food, drink or the check.	0
Adding insult to injury, the waiter had to ask for the wine bottle by number (where are we?	6
Adding insult to injury, the waiter had to ask for the wine bottle by number (where are we?	1
The drinks were water down and the only BIG thing was the bill.	1
The drinks were water down and the only BIG thing was the bill.	9
Flavorful Indian favorites like vegetable pakora, lamb tikka masala and tandoori chicken, as well as unexpected offerings such as Alaska king crab legs and fried coconut shrimp, are served at extremely reasonable prices.	1
Flavorful Indian favorites like vegetable pakora, lamb tikka masala and tandoori chicken, as well as unexpected offerings such as Alaska king crab legs and fried coconut shrimp, are served at extremely reasonable prices.	11
The server was so busy the night we visited that she forgot to put in our food order.	6
The server was so busy the night we visited that she forgot to put in our food order.	1
Service was slow and our drink order took forever (and the place wasn't crowded).	3
Service was slow and our drink order took forever (and the place wasn't crowded).	1
Service was slow and our drink order took forever (and the place wasn't crowded).	20
The waiter was singing while taking our order- the food arrived 30 minutes later and the food was good, but the mules Frites were cold, the steak had to be returned twice-the spinach looked like it was grass from Union Square park with hunks of garlic in it-totally Unacceptable.	7
The waiter was singing while taking our order- the food arrived 30 minutes later and the food was good, but the mules Frites were cold, the steak had to be returned twice-the spinach looked like it was grass from Union Square park with hunks of garlic in it-totally Unacceptable.	0
I asked the waitress what this was for and her responses were as follows: We put in an extra shot, We had to use ice in the drink, and It must have been the computer.	6
I asked the waitress what this was for and her responses were as follows: We put in an extra shot, We had to use ice in the drink, and It must have been the computer.	1
Prices are not cheap, but not expensive but the meal is worth every penny.	9
Prices are not cheap, but not expensive but the meal is worth every penny.	2
The service was not great, the wait staff were not clear on the ingredients and or preparation details of the meals.	6
The service was not great, the wait staff were not clear on the ingredients and or preparation details of the meals.	13
The service was not great, the wait staff were not clear on the ingredients and or preparation details of the meals.	1
The food here is consistently good - the service is not - but it seems that they're getting busier than they can handle, good for them, bad for guests.	2
The food here is consistently good - the service is not - but it seems that they're getting busier than they can handle, good for them, bad for guests.	3
The food is on the good side but not so terrific to compensate the bad service, crammed tiny-tables, dirty glasses, overly loud music, which is good for the bar part of the establishment but not when you want to seat down, eat and have a normal conversation at normal volume.	2
The food is on the good side but not so terrific to compensate the bad service, crammed tiny-tables, dirty glasses, overly loud music, which is good for the bar part of the establishment but not when you want to seat down, eat and have a normal conversation at normal volume.	3
The food is on the good side but not so terrific to compensate the bad service, crammed tiny-tables, dirty glasses, overly loud music, which is good for the bar part of the establishment but not when you want to seat down, eat and have a normal conversation at normal volume.	21
We should have had the entire restaurant, but the manager let some random lady sit up at the bar because she was a regular.	6
We should have had the entire restaurant, but the manager let some random lady sit up at the bar because she was a regular.	19
I sometimes go here when in the area and though the food is always great, the Basil Chicken and Shrimp Tempura roll in particular, the service has much to be desired.	2
I sometimes go here when in the area and though the food is always great, the Basil Chicken and Shrimp Tempura roll in particular, the service has much to be desired.	3
In addition guys, please hire some waitstaff who know both English and your menu.	6
In addition guys, please hire some waitstaff who know both English and your menu.	16
I though the service could have been better, the staff are not experience enough to know how to make the drinks without reading the instructions.	3
I though the service could have been better, the staff are not experience enough to know how to make the drinks without reading the instructions.	1
I just had dinner there with my girlfriend and we had the best time.	1
I just had dinner there with my girlfriend and we had the best time.	23
the water guy was extremely attentive, thank god he was because we had to ask him for our waitress many times: for ordering our food, more drinks, dessert and check.	8
the water guy was extremely attentive, thank god he was because we had to ask him for our waitress many times: for ordering our food, more drinks, dessert and check.	1
Amazing views of NYC regaled us at lunch earlier in the week and then at dinner this evening.	23
Amazing views of NYC regaled us at lunch earlier in the week and then at dinner this evening.	1
The waiter returned and said the bartender refused to take my drink back because there was nothing wrong with it and I would have to pay for it.	6
The waiter returned and said the bartender refused to take my drink back because there was nothing wrong with it and I would have to pay for it.	1
They ran out of the drinks my friends ordered, but the staff was eager-to-please and much appreciated.	1
They ran out of the drinks my friends ordered, but the staff was eager-to-please and much appreciated.	8
Multiple televisions on both sides of the cozy room ensure unobstructed sight lines for fans, whether they're sipping pints at the oak bar or snacking on pub munchies--like baked clams, nachos, and buffalo wings--at tall tables in front.	23
Multiple televisions on both sides of the cozy room ensure unobstructed sight lines for fans, whether they're sipping pints at the oak bar or snacking on pub munchies--like baked clams, nachos, and buffalo wings--at tall tables in front.	1
Enjoy a drink at the bar over fresh shucked oysters.	2
Enjoy a drink at the bar over fresh shucked oysters.	19
The Food  Crave's two chefs have resumes that boast stints at Payard, Nobu and Industry (food), so it's no surprise their menu is full of unusual twists on old favorites.	22
The Food  Crave's two chefs have resumes that boast stints at Payard, Nobu and Industry (food), so it's no surprise their menu is full of unusual twists on old favorites.	17
We were seated quickly (and had reservations, but they didnt seem to be absolutely necessary) and our waitress offered much insight into menu bests and worsts.	22
We were seated quickly (and had reservations, but they didnt seem to be absolutely necessary) and our waitress offered much insight into menu bests and worsts.	6
We were seated quickly (and had reservations, but they didnt seem to be absolutely necessary) and our waitress offered much insight into menu bests and worsts.	16
Even with our large appetites we could not finish all the food or wine, which has never happened with a tasting menu before.	1
Even with our large appetites we could not finish all the food or wine, which has never happened with a tasting menu before.	17
The sexy waiter suggested the Pineapple Basil ( I Know is sounds yucky, but MMMM) Martini.	8
The sexy waiter suggested the Pineapple Basil ( I Know is sounds yucky, but MMMM) Martini.	1
I don't understand the other negative reviews of the service because we had amazing waiter.	4
I don't understand the other negative reviews of the service because we had amazing waiter.	8
It was well past 8 pm when they finally got us the check, and we asked for free rounds of champagne to compensate for the poor service (since the wine dinner had started, and were denied.	1
It was well past 8 pm when they finally got us the check, and we asked for free rounds of champagne to compensate for the poor service (since the wine dinner had started, and were denied.	3
When the bill came, the waiter snatched it back so he could add the $3 difference to the wine.	6
When the bill came, the waiter snatched it back so he could add the $3 difference to the wine.	1
The concoction was thrown away a mere two blocks from the Bar.	0
The concoction was thrown away a mere two blocks from the Bar.	19
The bright point of dinner was dessrt.	23
The bright point of dinner was dessrt.	1
A full bar and a dozen different margaritas attract a happy hour crowd, and a tortilla machine is often surrounded by children watching the dough-to-tortilla transformation.	2
A full bar and a dozen different margaritas attract a happy hour crowd, and a tortilla machine is often surrounded by children watching the dough-to-tortilla transformation.	22
A full bar and a dozen different margaritas attract a happy hour crowd, and a tortilla machine is often surrounded by children watching the dough-to-tortilla transformation.	19
Their appetizer portions are not huge, just right since the entrees are much larger.	21
Their appetizer portions are not huge, just right since the entrees are much larger.	2
Our server seemed out of it, and drinks took 15 minutes to arrive.	6
Our server seemed out of it, and drinks took 15 minutes to arrive.	1
the waiter didn't recommen any special for the night, didn't come back to the table to check if everything is okay, didn't even offer me the dessert menu at the end.	6
the waiter didn't recommen any special for the night, didn't come back to the table to check if everything is okay, didn't even offer me the dessert menu at the end.	22
the waiter didn't recommen any special for the night, didn't come back to the table to check if everything is okay, didn't even offer me the dessert menu at the end.	16
Just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.	21
Just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.	19
After I had complained to a bouncer (the manager would not see me) a waiter was sent over and did get us our drinks.	6
After I had complained to a bouncer (the manager would not see me) a waiter was sent over and did get us our drinks.	1
although I don't think there is any beef on the menu (but there is plenty of fish and chicken).	16
although I don't think there is any beef on the menu (but there is plenty of fish and chicken).	2
It has the most authentic Mexican found I have found in the Metro area and the margaritas are outstanding.	23
It has the most authentic Mexican found I have found in the Metro area and the margaritas are outstanding.	19
It has the most authentic Mexican found I have found in the Metro area and the margaritas are outstanding.	2
food arrived quickly and was hot and v good, just don't be on a diet if you are going to eat here as no real options for slimmers!!	2
food arrived quickly and was hot and v good, just don't be on a diet if you are going to eat here as no real options for slimmers!!	22
) And don't forget the svc, those waiters stare at you your entire meal, just waiting for you to put your fork down and they snatch the plate away in a second.	6
) And don't forget the svc, those waiters stare at you your entire meal, just waiting for you to put your fork down and they snatch the plate away in a second.	1
) And don't forget the svc, those waiters stare at you your entire meal, just waiting for you to put your fork down and they snatch the plate away in a second.	4
After we in fact moved to the bar, and I told the waitress which bottle we wanted - the one we had been drinking - we were told we had to order off the limited daily specials list.	19
After we in fact moved to the bar, and I told the waitress which bottle we wanted - the one we had been drinking - we were told we had to order off the limited daily specials list.	6
True, the service is hardly on par with the finer restaurants in NYC, but I go for the energy and the tasty tapas-like seafood treats that are perfect with beer or sake.	3
True, the service is hardly on par with the finer restaurants in NYC, but I go for the energy and the tasty tapas-like seafood treats that are perfect with beer or sake.	2
The manager came over to our table at the end of our entree course to get our review.	8
The manager came over to our table at the end of our entree course to get our review.	1
I love the food, and have gone back several times, but each time the waitress is a little nastier.	2
I love the food, and have gone back several times, but each time the waitress is a little nastier.	6
The server rolled his eyes when we ordered only an entree per person (with no appetizers), spoke curtly to us, and ignored our requests for more water etc.	6
The server rolled his eyes when we ordered only an entree per person (with no appetizers), spoke curtly to us, and ignored our requests for more water etc.	1
The wait for brunch is kinda long (what can you say?	3
The wait for brunch is kinda long (what can you say?	1
The menu showcases Thai-French favorites: fresh chopped hai (white fish) and salmon with Chinese black olives and basil oil; mussels in coconut-lemon grass broth; and garlicky octopus sauteed with ground pork, broccoli rabe and lime juice.	16
The menu showcases Thai-French favorites: fresh chopped hai (white fish) and salmon with Chinese black olives and basil oil; mussels in coconut-lemon grass broth; and garlicky octopus sauteed with ground pork, broccoli rabe and lime juice.	2
The menu showcases Thai-French favorites: fresh chopped hai (white fish) and salmon with Chinese black olives and basil oil; mussels in coconut-lemon grass broth; and garlicky octopus sauteed with ground pork, broccoli rabe and lime juice.	22
My friends and I tried practically every strange, inventive dish on the menu, most of which are very tasty.	2
My friends and I tried practically every strange, inventive dish on the menu, most of which are very tasty.	16
The wait staff while attentive did nothing to address the hair that was found in one of our dishes.	8
The wait staff while attentive did nothing to address the hair that was found in one of our dishes.	1
There were three parties of two standing in the front entrance looking like bumbling idiots while not a single host, waiter, or manager attended to us.	6
There were three parties of two standing in the front entrance looking like bumbling idiots while not a single host, waiter, or manager attended to us.	22
I understand its a very busy night of the week but it is unacceptable that I was hung up on by the hostess twice (I also called back and she refused to answer the phone for 15 minutes) and was told that I should have picked up my food instead of having it delivered.	6
I understand its a very busy night of the week but it is unacceptable that I was hung up on by the hostess twice (I also called back and she refused to answer the phone for 15 minutes) and was told that I should have picked up my food instead of having it delivered.	1
Your drink is at your fingertips and you don't have to wait for the waitress to come back with your cocktail.	1
Your drink is at your fingertips and you don't have to wait for the waitress to come back with your cocktail.	6
The Captain was showing his impatience for a crowded Monday night and the dinner I was served was not prepared the way he told me it would be.	6
The Captain was showing his impatience for a crowded Monday night and the dinner I was served was not prepared the way he told me it would be.	1
The Captain was showing his impatience for a crowded Monday night and the dinner I was served was not prepared the way he told me it would be.	4
The characters were very entertaining, and while the prices are a little steep, it is well worth the cost.	23
The characters were very entertaining, and while the prices are a little steep, it is well worth the cost.	9
Food was fine, and the place is pretty cool, but the waitstaff was slow and pretty clueless.	2
Food was fine, and the place is pretty cool, but the waitstaff was slow and pretty clueless.	20
Food was fine, and the place is pretty cool, but the waitstaff was slow and pretty clueless.	6
We ordered a platter that was an asssortment of appetizers which was great recomendation.	23
We ordered a platter that was an asssortment of appetizers which was great recomendation.	1
If you don't mind eating great thai food in a schnazzy ambience with a hop hip lunch crowd, then come on over to SPICE.	2
If you don't mind eating great thai food in a schnazzy ambience with a hop hip lunch crowd, then come on over to SPICE.	13
If you don't mind eating great thai food in a schnazzy ambience with a hop hip lunch crowd, then come on over to SPICE.	22
Beautiful rooms filled with beautiful people, but expensive for what it is ($68 prix fixe), limited menu, tiny portions, reeeeeeeally slow service, undercooked potatoes with the cod, less than fascinating desserts.	10
Beautiful rooms filled with beautiful people, but expensive for what it is ($68 prix fixe), limited menu, tiny portions, reeeeeeeally slow service, undercooked potatoes with the cod, less than fascinating desserts.	21
Beautiful rooms filled with beautiful people, but expensive for what it is ($68 prix fixe), limited menu, tiny portions, reeeeeeeally slow service, undercooked potatoes with the cod, less than fascinating desserts.	3
Beautiful rooms filled with beautiful people, but expensive for what it is ($68 prix fixe), limited menu, tiny portions, reeeeeeeally slow service, undercooked potatoes with the cod, less than fascinating desserts.	1
The owners Pat and John are very friendly and can often sit and have a beer with you.	23
The owners Pat and John are very friendly and can often sit and have a beer with you.	1
It's not going to win any awards for its decor, but the food is good, the portions are big, and the prices are low.	12
It's not going to win any awards for its decor, but the food is good, the portions are big, and the prices are low.	2
It's not going to win any awards for its decor, but the food is good, the portions are big, and the prices are low.	23
It's not going to win any awards for its decor, but the food is good, the portions are big, and the prices are low.	11
It took an hour for us to order, another hour and 15 min to get our entree's I had to go to the bar to order my champange, and carry it back myself, the waiter got our entrees mixed up and placed them in the wrong place and sat there and watched me switch them around.	19
It took an hour for us to order, another hour and 15 min to get our entree's I had to go to the bar to order my champange, and carry it back myself, the waiter got our entrees mixed up and placed them in the wrong place and sat there and watched me switch them around.	6
It took an hour for us to order, another hour and 15 min to get our entree's I had to go to the bar to order my champange, and carry it back myself, the waiter got our entrees mixed up and placed them in the wrong place and sat there and watched me switch them around.	1
the atmosphere is that of a diner, but if you get a booth that is the best!	14
the atmosphere is that of a diner, but if you get a booth that is the best!	19
If you're tired of the long waits for table at nearby place, then head to Moutarde for a delicious meal that won't keep you waiting.	2
If you're tired of the long waits for table at nearby place, then head to Moutarde for a delicious meal that won't keep you waiting.	4
If you are undecided about which sandwich to choose, go for the Indecision, which is a trio of smaller sandwiches on the menu.	22
If you are undecided about which sandwich to choose, go for the Indecision, which is a trio of smaller sandwiches on the menu.	0
If you are undecided about which sandwich to choose, go for the Indecision, which is a trio of smaller sandwiches on the menu.	16
-4 waiters bustling around though no table was actually being helped -25 minutes to take our order -15 minutes to get the drinks we order -another 20 minutes to get our food -NO apology from the waiter In between our lunch, a man burst out shouting in anger at the lousy service (he asked for ketchup 20 minutes ago and never got it).	6
-4 waiters bustling around though no table was actually being helped -25 minutes to take our order -15 minutes to get the drinks we order -another 20 minutes to get our food -NO apology from the waiter In between our lunch, a man burst out shouting in anger at the lousy service (he asked for ketchup 20 minutes ago and never got it).	1
-4 waiters bustling around though no table was actually being helped -25 minutes to take our order -15 minutes to get the drinks we order -another 20 minutes to get our food -NO apology from the waiter In between our lunch, a man burst out shouting in anger at the lousy service (he asked for ketchup 20 minutes ago and never got it).	3
The food is ok, but not worth the prices.	2
The food is ok, but not worth the prices.	9
not only did we not get our 'bombay' fries until after the entire meal, but we then had to wait nearly an hour for our inattentive waiter to bring our check, and only after we flagged him down.	1
not only did we not get our 'bombay' fries until after the entire meal, but we then had to wait nearly an hour for our inattentive waiter to bring our check, and only after we flagged him down.	6
1 hour for water, 1 hour for drinks, 1 hour for food, as you can see we were there for almost 5 hours before our bill came, not for enjoyment but pure frustration.	1
1 hour for water, 1 hour for drinks, 1 hour for food, as you can see we were there for almost 5 hours before our bill came, not for enjoyment but pure frustration.	9
She walked away in a huff, and had the BUSBOY pass on the same message: you can't order coffee because you've already paid (have these people never heard of someone changing their mind?	6
She walked away in a huff, and had the BUSBOY pass on the same message: you can't order coffee because you've already paid (have these people never heard of someone changing their mind?	1
What a pleasant surprise to have found a restaurant where you can sit at the bar and feel like a glamourpuss, yet whose staff and even other patrons make you feel like you are already a family friend.	19
What a pleasant surprise to have found a restaurant where you can sit at the bar and feel like a glamourpuss, yet whose staff and even other patrons make you feel like you are already a family friend.	8
We didn't have reservations, and showing up at 8:45 we were told it would be about an hour wait.	22
We didn't have reservations, and showing up at 8:45 we were told it would be about an hour wait.	3
Portions are small, they try to pass themselves off as family style by encouraging sharing and putting dishes in the center of the table, but it is glorified a la carte.	21
Portions are small, they try to pass themselves off as family style by encouraging sharing and putting dishes in the center of the table, but it is glorified a la carte.	1
but no reservations makes for a very long wait, usually of an hour.	22
but no reservations makes for a very long wait, usually of an hour.	3
The Food The Korean dishes here are a bit more delicate than the potent fare found 30 blocks north, but the kitchen is hardly pulling its punches.	2
The Food The Korean dishes here are a bit more delicate than the potent fare found 30 blocks north, but the kitchen is hardly pulling its punches.	18
And the waitstaff has very little knowledge of the food, they served me the wrong dish and no one could identify what it was that they gave me, someone said pork chop, someone said lamb, and then they insisted it should be fine since it was the same price.	6
And the waitstaff has very little knowledge of the food, they served me the wrong dish and no one could identify what it was that they gave me, someone said pork chop, someone said lamb, and then they insisted it should be fine since it was the same price.	0
And the waitstaff has very little knowledge of the food, they served me the wrong dish and no one could identify what it was that they gave me, someone said pork chop, someone said lamb, and then they insisted it should be fine since it was the same price.	4
And the waitstaff has very little knowledge of the food, they served me the wrong dish and no one could identify what it was that they gave me, someone said pork chop, someone said lamb, and then they insisted it should be fine since it was the same price.	10
It appears to be a charming french outdoor bistro, and the food wasn't bad, but the waiters were clearly tired of dealing with tourists, and didn't handle us with care.	2
It appears to be a charming french outdoor bistro, and the food wasn't bad, but the waiters were clearly tired of dealing with tourists, and didn't handle us with care.	6
The wait staff was not as attentive as I would have liked, we had to ask several times for water and refills of water, and after the food was served, no one returned to check on us.	6
The wait staff was not as attentive as I would have liked, we had to ask several times for water and refills of water, and after the food was served, no one returned to check on us.	1
Basically the comfort is lacking but the food is the focus.	12
Basically the comfort is lacking but the food is the focus.	2
1) they gave us the wrong table had to wait 10 minutes until they gave us the one we wanted 2) had to wait 15 minutes for a waiter 3) ordered chicken and brocolli.	21
1) they gave us the wrong table had to wait 10 minutes until they gave us the one we wanted 2) had to wait 15 minutes for a waiter 3) ordered chicken and brocolli.	7
1) they gave us the wrong table had to wait 10 minutes until they gave us the one we wanted 2) had to wait 15 minutes for a waiter 3) ordered chicken and brocolli.	1
When the food came, it was almost good, but the lack of AC, bad service, and overall apathetic staff, from the HOST, to the MANAGER to the WAITER, ruined the experience.	2
When the food came, it was almost good, but the lack of AC, bad service, and overall apathetic staff, from the HOST, to the MANAGER to the WAITER, ruined the experience.	3
When the food came, it was almost good, but the lack of AC, bad service, and overall apathetic staff, from the HOST, to the MANAGER to the WAITER, ruined the experience.	6
The bar area got a little too crowded but the ambiance was great.	18
The bar area got a little too crowded but the ambiance was great.	14
The wine list was had some of my favorites which I have not seen anywhere in New York, and when I clumsily spilled both water and wine all of the my table the waitress and manager were there in a flash jovially helping me clear up the mess.	1
The wine list was had some of my favorites which I have not seen anywhere in New York, and when I clumsily spilled both water and wine all of the my table the waitress and manager were there in a flash jovially helping me clear up the mess.	22
The wine list was had some of my favorites which I have not seen anywhere in New York, and when I clumsily spilled both water and wine all of the my table the waitress and manager were there in a flash jovially helping me clear up the mess.	8
Service was a little slow, but going on a Monday night during the Brooklyn Restaurant Week, where 20 bucks each got a friend and I appetizer, entree, and dessert was phenomenal.	3
Service was a little slow, but going on a Monday night during the Brooklyn Restaurant Week, where 20 bucks each got a friend and I appetizer, entree, and dessert was phenomenal.	2
We went there on New Year's Day around 7 pm without a reservation and were able to get a table right away thanks to the very accomodating hostess.	22
We went there on New Year's Day around 7 pm without a reservation and were able to get a table right away thanks to the very accomodating hostess.	8
You'll have to wait for a long time if you're not in with the management or Fernando, but it's worth it, have some campari and cinzano at the bar!	8
You'll have to wait for a long time if you're not in with the management or Fernando, but it's worth it, have some campari and cinzano at the bar!	19
Not only did the food take an eternity to come out; but the waiter never checked in, explained the delay for the food, or refreshed our drinks.	6
Not only did the food take an eternity to come out; but the waiter never checked in, explained the delay for the food, or refreshed our drinks.	1
The Scene Opened in 1993, Nick's may be the only great pizza place in the city of New York that isn't older than most of the people who eat there.	22
The Scene Opened in 1993, Nick's may be the only great pizza place in the city of New York that isn't older than most of the people who eat there.	2
I was tempted to try the dessert because I've heard rave reviews about it, but we were stuffed, as the portions are fairly large.	1
I was tempted to try the dessert because I've heard rave reviews about it, but we were stuffed, as the portions are fairly large.	23
We sat for 20-40min without water or bread and were basically ignored by the waitstaff.	1
We sat for 20-40min without water or bread and were basically ignored by the waitstaff.	6
The menu has many choices, and the dining experience lends itself to being a great place for a date, client dinner, parents' dinner or even a start-off to a night out on the town.	22
The menu has many choices, and the dining experience lends itself to being a great place for a date, client dinner, parents' dinner or even a start-off to a night out on the town.	20
Sure, the wait was a bit long for a table, but the service was good and the food was pretty good too.	3
Sure, the wait was a bit long for a table, but the service was good and the food was pretty good too.	2
Since the waiter NEVER checked on us during the meal, she never had the chance to ask for hoisin.	6
Since the waiter NEVER checked on us during the meal, she never had the chance to ask for hoisin.	1
Nonetheless, our waiter gave us prompt service and a smile every time he came over to take an order, bring us drinks, or check up on how we were doing.	8
Nonetheless, our waiter gave us prompt service and a smile every time he came over to take an order, bring us drinks, or check up on how we were doing.	5
Nonetheless, our waiter gave us prompt service and a smile every time he came over to take an order, bring us drinks, or check up on how we were doing.	1
The owner circles the place asking patrons if their meals are fine.	8
The owner circles the place asking patrons if their meals are fine.	1
small portions, average food 6) we ask for the check, the waiter says, ok, and 5 minutes later asks if we want coffee or dessert.	1
small portions, average food 6) we ask for the check, the waiter says, ok, and 5 minutes later asks if we want coffee or dessert.	10
small portions, average food 6) we ask for the check, the waiter says, ok, and 5 minutes later asks if we want coffee or dessert.	6
The food is average the prices high and the whole experience was very upsetting.	1
The food is average the prices high and the whole experience was very upsetting.	9
prices were low, you got a good deal, sushi was ok; everybody wins.	9
prices were low, you got a good deal, sushi was ok; everybody wins.	2
i went on a thurs night and it was a bit loud due to the many businessmen eating their dinner, but the food and service more than outdid the lack of peaceful dining.	1
i went on a thurs night and it was a bit loud due to the many businessmen eating their dinner, but the food and service more than outdid the lack of peaceful dining.	3
Instead, 4 members of the wait staff were giggling and carrying on at the corner of the bar.	6
Instead, 4 members of the wait staff were giggling and carrying on at the corner of the bar.	19
The Scene Uncomplicated, tasteful touches--a soothing abstract painting, an exposed brick wall, a tiny bar--grace the restaurant's neutral-toned interior.	23
The Scene Uncomplicated, tasteful touches--a soothing abstract painting, an exposed brick wall, a tiny bar--grace the restaurant's neutral-toned interior.	18
They brought my mother a chicken enchiladas instead of cheese and then it took her 10 minutes to explain what the error was to the waiter and bus boy who then finally had to tell the manager who was also confused and my mother is fluent in Spanish.	1
They brought my mother a chicken enchiladas instead of cheese and then it took her 10 minutes to explain what the error was to the waiter and bus boy who then finally had to tell the manager who was also confused and my mother is fluent in Spanish.	6
They were seating people without reservations who were either friends of the employees or were slipping the hostess $20 to get seated without a reservation.	22
They were seating people without reservations who were either friends of the employees or were slipping the hostess $20 to get seated without a reservation.	6
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him: Where are you from.	1
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him: Where are you from.	6
I went to the tasting before Nobu opened and the menu and service has greatly improved since then.	16
I went to the tasting before Nobu opened and the menu and service has greatly improved since then.	5
There is a long bar area wide enough to accommodate large crowds, large screen tv's on the walls to view games, but not that do not dominate the atmosphere, and up front there is a large lounge are with several booths and a working fireplace.	21
There is a long bar area wide enough to accommodate large crowds, large screen tv's on the walls to view games, but not that do not dominate the atmosphere, and up front there is a large lounge are with several booths and a working fireplace.	13
There is a long bar area wide enough to accommodate large crowds, large screen tv's on the walls to view games, but not that do not dominate the atmosphere, and up front there is a large lounge are with several booths and a working fireplace.	20
My party did not love the meats on the menu maybe the pork dumplings but nothing else.	16
My party did not love the meats on the menu maybe the pork dumplings but nothing else.	2
I absolutely hate communal seating and closely spaced tables and this place had both, but the atmosphere and the food were such that I was able to get beyond the grumpy mood that put me in to have a really good experience.	21
I absolutely hate communal seating and closely spaced tables and this place had both, but the atmosphere and the food were such that I was able to get beyond the grumpy mood that put me in to have a really good experience.	14
I absolutely hate communal seating and closely spaced tables and this place had both, but the atmosphere and the food were such that I was able to get beyond the grumpy mood that put me in to have a really good experience.	2
They need to change the overall decor if they want to get a serious dinner crowd though.	13
They need to change the overall decor if they want to get a serious dinner crowd though.	0
It would have been nice to find that out on the website but it took us an hour of waiting for Godot before calling and being told the news that no lunch was prepared for us.	4
It would have been nice to find that out on the website but it took us an hour of waiting for Godot before calling and being told the news that no lunch was prepared for us.	0
Also, the waiter wrongly described a wine I had inquired about causing the sommelier to have to make a trip to the table to offer an alternate recommendation.	6
Also, the waiter wrongly described a wine I had inquired about causing the sommelier to have to make a trip to the table to offer an alternate recommendation.	1
I love to go there on weekends and have the delicious french toast (made from baguette slices) or the granola with fresh fruit, sometimes I am so torn that I end up getting both!	2
I love to go there on weekends and have the delicious french toast (made from baguette slices) or the granola with fresh fruit, sometimes I am so torn that I end up getting both!	22
i've been there for lunch - when the place is empty- and the waiter spent more time outside, soaking up the sun for himself, like he was a patron.	1
i've been there for lunch - when the place is empty- and the waiter spent more time outside, soaking up the sun for himself, like he was a patron.	6
I realize that this place has a huge menu and, therefore, will have some not-so-good things, but it's the rudeness of the service that gets to me.	17
I realize that this place has a huge menu and, therefore, will have some not-so-good things, but it's the rudeness of the service that gets to me.	3
The atmosphere is still to die for, but the wine list has so clearly been pared down and marked up (as a result of higher foot traffic brought in by lots of rave reviews in local publications, perhaps?	14
The atmosphere is still to die for, but the wine list has so clearly been pared down and marked up (as a result of higher foot traffic brought in by lots of rave reviews in local publications, perhaps?	0
Not only is it the nicest atmosphere with an antique bar and allabaster globes sconces, marble fireplace.	14
Not only is it the nicest atmosphere with an antique bar and allabaster globes sconces, marble fireplace.	19
Last, but not least, when we walked in, most of the clientelle was Vietnamese and next to us was a food critic whose review was on the back of the menu.	21
Last, but not least, when we walked in, most of the clientelle was Vietnamese and next to us was a food critic whose review was on the back of the menu.	1
Last, but not least, when we walked in, most of the clientelle was Vietnamese and next to us was a food critic whose review was on the back of the menu.	16
After leaving the traditional 15% tip, the waiter ran after us for half a block to confront.	10
After leaving the traditional 15% tip, the waiter ran after us for half a block to confront.	6
Excellent Steaks, the attitude of the Servers could be a little better but the food makes up for everything.	2
Excellent Steaks, the attitude of the Servers could be a little better but the food makes up for everything.	3
Excellent Steaks, the attitude of the Servers could be a little better but the food makes up for everything.	6
The pooris were miniscule, about 2 bites each; they serve 4 of those as a dinner for $25!	21
The pooris were miniscule, about 2 bites each; they serve 4 of those as a dinner for $25!	1
Oh, the prices were not so bad either, we paid $58 for chicken, salmon, one sushi roll, one ceasar salad and soda :).	11
Oh, the prices were not so bad either, we paid $58 for chicken, salmon, one sushi roll, one ceasar salad and soda :).	1
The Scene Honeycomb-colored walls, random wall art, a peek into the kitchen from paper-topped tables--all combine for a casual, thrown-together ambience.	22
The Scene Honeycomb-colored walls, random wall art, a peek into the kitchen from paper-topped tables--all combine for a casual, thrown-together ambience.	14
) The food was good, but not at all worth the price.	2
) The food was good, but not at all worth the price.	9
The music is a little bit louder, but the food is excellent.	12
The music is a little bit louder, but the food is excellent.	2
It's sad that everything about this place was great (even the service and decor) except for the steak.	5
It's sad that everything about this place was great (even the service and decor) except for the steak.	14
It's sad that everything about this place was great (even the service and decor) except for the steak.	0
the sushi is so-so, the 70s orange-themed atmosphere is 2000ish, and there is no reason for the staff's attitude.	13
the sushi is so-so, the 70s orange-themed atmosphere is 2000ish, and there is no reason for the staff's attitude.	6
the sushi is so-so, the 70s orange-themed atmosphere is 2000ish, and there is no reason for the staff's attitude.	3
The Food It's a people-pleasing menu, with spaghetti and meatballs, calamari, eggplant Parmesan and other red-sauce classics alongside several more upscale dishes.	1
The Food It's a people-pleasing menu, with spaghetti and meatballs, calamari, eggplant Parmesan and other red-sauce classics alongside several more upscale dishes.	17
the service was very slow and his knowledge of the menu wasnt that good.	3
the service was very slow and his knowledge of the menu wasnt that good.	16
Service was bad enough that we decided to head out after the first round of drinks.	3
Service was bad enough that we decided to head out after the first round of drinks.	1
The waitress told us the portions were not big, so we each got an entree and shared a side.	7
The waitress told us the portions were not big, so we each got an entree and shared a side.	21
The waitress told us the portions were not big, so we each got an entree and shared a side.	1
If you live downtown, definitely grab one of their menus, make a phone call and relax in front of the tv while they pound the pavement to get to you (although they do take about 45 minutes on average to get to you)-- the in restaurant service is likewise very very good.	16
If you live downtown, definitely grab one of their menus, make a phone call and relax in front of the tv while they pound the pavement to get to you (although they do take about 45 minutes on average to get to you)-- the in restaurant service is likewise very very good.	5
Even if you have to wait a bit for a reservation, the hostess will come over to apologize, update you on the wait and make sure you are comfortable.	22
Even if you have to wait a bit for a reservation, the hostess will come over to apologize, update you on the wait and make sure you are comfortable.	8
The mole sauce is not too sweet and adds a nice flavor to the otherwise bland chicken.	14
The mole sauce is not too sweet and adds a nice flavor to the otherwise bland chicken.	0
We went to Steinhof about a week ago and sat at the bar since the place was packed, but they have the full menu at the bar.	19
We went to Steinhof about a week ago and sat at the bar since the place was packed, but they have the full menu at the bar.	17
The 'people watching' and table location (on boardwalk) made up for the rude service.	22
The 'people watching' and table location (on boardwalk) made up for the rude service.	3
very nice servers, but they seemed more interested in conversing with the regulars than bringing food and being attentive.	8
very nice servers, but they seemed more interested in conversing with the regulars than bringing food and being attentive.	1
Food was good but portions were quite tiny.	2
Food was good but portions were quite tiny.	21
We were charged for the missing appetizer and when I complained to the manager, who never thought to apologize, he blamed the kitchen.	1
We were charged for the missing appetizer and when I complained to the manager, who never thought to apologize, he blamed the kitchen.	6
We were charged for the missing appetizer and when I complained to the manager, who never thought to apologize, he blamed the kitchen.	19
One of the waitstaff spilled a huge drink on the floor that splattered everyone nearby, no offering of apology was made or to foot the drycleaning bill and no comp was offered either.	6
One of the waitstaff spilled a huge drink on the floor that splattered everyone nearby, no offering of apology was made or to foot the drycleaning bill and no comp was offered either.	2
One of the waitstaff spilled a huge drink on the floor that splattered everyone nearby, no offering of apology was made or to foot the drycleaning bill and no comp was offered either.	10
went here w/ great expectations and was greatly disappointed; the food was good, not great and vastly overpriced- one salad, two pasta dishes, two demi-carafes of red wine- $100 (tax and tip); rediculous; orechiette came w/ so little brocoli rape that it did not have its characteristic flavor; and it is very very loud.	2
went here w/ great expectations and was greatly disappointed; the food was good, not great and vastly overpriced- one salad, two pasta dishes, two demi-carafes of red wine- $100 (tax and tip); rediculous; orechiette came w/ so little brocoli rape that it did not have its characteristic flavor; and it is very very loud.	12
Between the seven of us we sampled just about everything on the menu, and nothing disappointed (ribs pulled pork seemed like the biggest hits).	16
Between the seven of us we sampled just about everything on the menu, and nothing disappointed (ribs pulled pork seemed like the biggest hits).	2
The salads were amazing in themselves - mixed greens andtomato wedges in a delicious balsamic vinagrette with slices of Italian bread with warm goat cheese.	2
The salads were amazing in themselves - mixed greens andtomato wedges in a delicious balsamic vinagrette with slices of Italian bread with warm goat cheese.	22
Two Tom's food is excellent, it more than makes up for the lack of decor.	2
Two Tom's food is excellent, it more than makes up for the lack of decor.	12
If you are looking for service and all the frills $$$ - Il Mulino is the best for both - if you are looking for a fabulous dinner in/out - this restaurant is it!	4
If you are looking for service and all the frills $$$ - Il Mulino is the best for both - if you are looking for a fabulous dinner in/out - this restaurant is it!	2
Unfortunately for them, we would have ordered twice as many drinks if we didn't have to wait half an hour for the waitress between every drink.	1
Unfortunately for them, we would have ordered twice as many drinks if we didn't have to wait half an hour for the waitress between every drink.	6
I made the mistake of coming here with 5 friends for brunch so the wait was extremely long and then we got stuck at the only table big enough for 6 (downstairs near the bathroom away from all of the other patrons) so that was dissapointing but I will be back soon with 1 or 2 friends.	1
I made the mistake of coming here with 5 friends for brunch so the wait was extremely long and then we got stuck at the only table big enough for 6 (downstairs near the bathroom away from all of the other patrons) so that was dissapointing but I will be back soon with 1 or 2 friends.	3
Our waiter told us he knew all the wines on it quite well, and he did!	8
Our waiter told us he knew all the wines on it quite well, and he did!	1
There were about 4 tables filled in the entire restaurant yet the hostess made us sit at the bar for 20 mins--she never would have come for us had we not approached her asked to be seated.	6
There were about 4 tables filled in the entire restaurant yet the hostess made us sit at the bar for 20 mins--she never would have come for us had we not approached her asked to be seated.	19
This newly opened restaurant is another one of those Indian places that has a hugely promising menu and a greatly disappointing food.	17
This newly opened restaurant is another one of those Indian places that has a hugely promising menu and a greatly disappointing food.	0
Yes, this place is good, a cut above some of the other local diner food and a nice, friendly atmosphere.	20
Yes, this place is good, a cut above some of the other local diner food and a nice, friendly atmosphere.	1
Yes, this place is good, a cut above some of the other local diner food and a nice, friendly atmosphere.	14
Nice ambience and bar while waiting for a table.	14
Nice ambience and bar while waiting for a table.	20
Nice ambience and bar while waiting for a table.	22
The kicker was when there were three items on our check that were priced higher than stated on the menu and by the server.	9
The kicker was when there were three items on our check that were priced higher than stated on the menu and by the server.	16
The kicker was when there were three items on our check that were priced higher than stated on the menu and by the server.	6
If you're looking for barbeque like Dallas BBQ (soaked in sauce from a bottle, generic, homogeneous food) then you won't like Blue Smoke.	2
If you're looking for barbeque like Dallas BBQ (soaked in sauce from a bottle, generic, homogeneous food) then you won't like Blue Smoke.	21
For the price I paid for a cup of Bustelo coffee w/ milk I could buy 2 vacumed packs for 3 bucks.	9
For the price I paid for a cup of Bustelo coffee w/ milk I could buy 2 vacumed packs for 3 bucks.	22
For the price I paid for a cup of Bustelo coffee w/ milk I could buy 2 vacumed packs for 3 bucks.	1
Three course meal for lunch was $13, the prices for dinner were just as great!	1
Three course meal for lunch was $13, the prices for dinner were just as great!	11
Lost reservations, out of liquor, jam-packed, waiting room, out of wine, sent steak out raw, no choices for dessert, no room to breathe, terrible service, etc.	21
Lost reservations, out of liquor, jam-packed, waiting room, out of wine, sent steak out raw, no choices for dessert, no room to breathe, terrible service, etc.	19
Lost reservations, out of liquor, jam-packed, waiting room, out of wine, sent steak out raw, no choices for dessert, no room to breathe, terrible service, etc.	0
Lost reservations, out of liquor, jam-packed, waiting room, out of wine, sent steak out raw, no choices for dessert, no room to breathe, terrible service, etc.	3
Although we were seated 35 minutes after our reservation the service from then on was outstanding.	22
Although we were seated 35 minutes after our reservation the service from then on was outstanding.	5
The Food The menu includes lovingly made renditions of panini, bruschetta and tramezzini (cocktail-style sandwiches with fillings like tuna with black olive pesto and bresaola with arugula), along with a roster of cured meats, cheeses and olives that have been imported from Italy.	16
The Food The menu includes lovingly made renditions of panini, bruschetta and tramezzini (cocktail-style sandwiches with fillings like tuna with black olive pesto and bresaola with arugula), along with a roster of cured meats, cheeses and olives that have been imported from Italy.	2
My meal here was awesome, the appetizers, the bar finger food, the service, the drinks, the entrees of Smoked fish, Lamb salad, Clay pot salmon, Lobster rolls, and the dining room is spectacular.	2
My meal here was awesome, the appetizers, the bar finger food, the service, the drinks, the entrees of Smoked fish, Lamb salad, Clay pot salmon, Lobster rolls, and the dining room is spectacular.	4
My meal here was awesome, the appetizers, the bar finger food, the service, the drinks, the entrees of Smoked fish, Lamb salad, Clay pot salmon, Lobster rolls, and the dining room is spectacular.	20
The place is small, but loaded with plenty of goodies that range from Italian inspired treats to Greek pastries all well prepared.	18
The place is small, but loaded with plenty of goodies that range from Italian inspired treats to Greek pastries all well prepared.	2
The pizza is thet always fresh and just made they hav an outdoor seating area that is partially covered they also have a full service restaurant on the premises they make everything on premises.	2
The pizza is thet always fresh and just made they hav an outdoor seating area that is partially covered they also have a full service restaurant on the premises they make everything on premises.	19
The pizza is thet always fresh and just made they hav an outdoor seating area that is partially covered they also have a full service restaurant on the premises they make everything on premises.	5
A friend was dieing for chorizo but it was only in the tapas menu which we couldn't have.	2
A friend was dieing for chorizo but it was only in the tapas menu which we couldn't have.	16
Just make sure you make reservations a few days in advance because there aren't a lot of tables.	22
Just make sure you make reservations a few days in advance because there aren't a lot of tables.	18
They had a prix fixe menu with the most amazing cooked quail appetizer, then lobster bisque, followed by a divine choice of entree, and then the chocolate mousse dessert.	16
They had a prix fixe menu with the most amazing cooked quail appetizer, then lobster bisque, followed by a divine choice of entree, and then the chocolate mousse dessert.	2
In summer, the small outdoor garden is an ideal place to sip coffee while reading under a canopy of trees and sky.	20
In summer, the small outdoor garden is an ideal place to sip coffee while reading under a canopy of trees and sky.	1
If you had good service there, try to get your waiter's name and request him/her by name the next time.	5
If you had good service there, try to get your waiter's name and request him/her by name the next time.	7
Our waiter was stuffed with attitude and didn't bother explaining things on the menu that he clearly knew we could not understand.	6
Our waiter was stuffed with attitude and didn't bother explaining things on the menu that he clearly knew we could not understand.	16
not having a menu was rather strange at first but the food was superb.	16
not having a menu was rather strange at first but the food was superb.	2
If you are a person who wants perfect service, you should probably skip it, you may wait for your server to sing a song before you get your drinks but that is half the fun.	5
If you are a person who wants perfect service, you should probably skip it, you may wait for your server to sing a song before you get your drinks but that is half the fun.	6
Casual and kid-friendly, the red-and-gold colored restaurants offer quick drive-thru or dine-in service with a menu of burgers, sandwiches and more.	5
Casual and kid-friendly, the red-and-gold colored restaurants offer quick drive-thru or dine-in service with a menu of burgers, sandwiches and more.	1
Casual and kid-friendly, the red-and-gold colored restaurants offer quick drive-thru or dine-in service with a menu of burgers, sandwiches and more.	16
When a seemly accommodating Le Souk manager assured you that he had no problem serving a group of twenty on a Saturday evening, I expected him to keep his words or shall I say our table.	8
When a seemly accommodating Le Souk manager assured you that he had no problem serving a group of twenty on a Saturday evening, I expected him to keep his words or shall I say our table.	22
dining with my mother this past Saturday must have signaled to the wait staff that I wasn't cool enough to merit their attention.	1
dining with my mother this past Saturday must have signaled to the wait staff that I wasn't cool enough to merit their attention.	6
the staff knows the regulars by name and the sushi chef even yells goodbye from behind the bar.	8
the staff knows the regulars by name and the sushi chef even yells goodbye from behind the bar.	19
Overall, the food makes up for what is missing in the ambience and service.	2
Overall, the food makes up for what is missing in the ambience and service.	12
Overall, the food makes up for what is missing in the ambience and service.	3
FINALLY the waitress came with our food after an HOUR!	6
FINALLY the waitress came with our food after an HOUR!	1
Before our server took our drink order she told us that the prices on the menu were going to be higher that night because of the party.	6
Before our server took our drink order she told us that the prices on the menu were going to be higher that night because of the party.	1
Before our server took our drink order she told us that the prices on the menu were going to be higher that night because of the party.	9
Before our server took our drink order she told us that the prices on the menu were going to be higher that night because of the party.	16
when tables opened up, the manager sat another party before us.	19
when tables opened up, the manager sat another party before us.	6
After arguing about this and requesting tap water instead of a bottled variety, we were exiled to customer Siberia, and the staff seemed eager get us out of the restaurant as soon as possible.	1
After arguing about this and requesting tap water instead of a bottled variety, we were exiled to customer Siberia, and the staff seemed eager get us out of the restaurant as soon as possible.	6
Instead of being smart business people and treating us as paying customers, we were told they do not serve drinks, only food (only food?	23
Instead of being smart business people and treating us as paying customers, we were told they do not serve drinks, only food (only food?	0
However the casual atmosphere comes in handy if you want a good place to drop in and get food.	14
However the casual atmosphere comes in handy if you want a good place to drop in and get food.	1
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.	21
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.	1
We were ignored by our waitress after our entrees had been served.	6
We were ignored by our waitress after our entrees had been served.	1
When I was there with a friend the waiter who served us was pretty friendly.	8
When I was there with a friend the waiter who served us was pretty friendly.	4
My greek salad cost about $9 and for that price, I would not have expected chopped olive (as opposed to whole), and shredded bits of lettuce.	10
My greek salad cost about $9 and for that price, I would not have expected chopped olive (as opposed to whole), and shredded bits of lettuce.	0
The retaurant is know for the long wait but they do take reservation for group of 5-8 people, so it was just perfect for my friend BD dinner for 3 couples.	3
The retaurant is know for the long wait but they do take reservation for group of 5-8 people, so it was just perfect for my friend BD dinner for 3 couples.	22
The retaurant is know for the long wait but they do take reservation for group of 5-8 people, so it was just perfect for my friend BD dinner for 3 couples.	1
since we're informed its service isslow we had dinner in midtownwent for dessertb-day thing.	3
since we're informed its service isslow we had dinner in midtownwent for dessertb-day thing.	1
the soups were superb and only $2 a bowl, and the entire dinner, with beers, cost less than $30 for two people.	2
the soups were superb and only $2 a bowl, and the entire dinner, with beers, cost less than $30 for two people.	22
the soups were superb and only $2 a bowl, and the entire dinner, with beers, cost less than $30 for two people.	10
The place was practically empty when my friends and I got there for dinner.	18
The place was practically empty when my friends and I got there for dinner.	1
On top of that, when we tried to order more food half-way through our first entree order, the waitress told us that we couldn't because they needed the table for another reservation!	6
On top of that, when we tried to order more food half-way through our first entree order, the waitress told us that we couldn't because they needed the table for another reservation!	22
8pm reservation, place was half empty on a Saturday.	22
8pm reservation, place was half empty on a Saturday.	18
The Scene The bright mix of colors painted on the cafe's walls matches the vivid margaritas that sit on nearly every table and litter the sceney bar.	23
The Scene The bright mix of colors painted on the cafe's walls matches the vivid margaritas that sit on nearly every table and litter the sceney bar.	19
The busboy kept our glasses full; the waiter warmed up to our table at the end of the night by cracking jokes.	22
The busboy kept our glasses full; the waiter warmed up to our table at the end of the night by cracking jokes.	8
Desserts were visually inventive but lacking in flavor.	2
Desserts were visually inventive but lacking in flavor.	12
The place was packed and while our food took time to be prepared, our waiter earned points for his sparkling conversation to pass time and for also knowing practically every ingredient of every special under consideration.	1
The place was packed and while our food took time to be prepared, our waiter earned points for his sparkling conversation to pass time and for also knowing practically every ingredient of every special under consideration.	8
i recently had brunch at the new hill diner let me tell you it was great.	2
i recently had brunch at the new hill diner let me tell you it was great.	19
The festive crew serves from a gigantic menu of American classics: chili, burgers, cobb salads, baked potatoes, wings, philly cheesesteaks, club sandwiches, you name it.	7
The festive crew serves from a gigantic menu of American classics: chili, burgers, cobb salads, baked potatoes, wings, philly cheesesteaks, club sandwiches, you name it.	17
The festive crew serves from a gigantic menu of American classics: chili, burgers, cobb salads, baked potatoes, wings, philly cheesesteaks, club sandwiches, you name it.	1
The head-on shrimps with anchovy butter had me licking the plate.	2
The head-on shrimps with anchovy butter had me licking the plate.	22
You can only sit on the stools with a slice, as the main dining area downstairs is for real food.	19
You can only sit on the stools with a slice, as the main dining area downstairs is for real food.	2
The wine list didn't look all that great, but there was a very interesting selection of beers on tap.	2
The wine list didn't look all that great, but there was a very interesting selection of beers on tap.	22
Unfortunately the food and the service don't live up to the spectacular setting.	0
Unfortunately the food and the service don't live up to the spectacular setting.	14
The food was OK, but trying to get anything, like a drink refill or the check, was an ordeal, and this was when the place was nearly empty!	1
The food was OK, but trying to get anything, like a drink refill or the check, was an ordeal, and this was when the place was nearly empty!	18
Seating is limited, so you will probably want to order take-out, but a better take-out pizza you will not find!	18
Seating is limited, so you will probably want to order take-out, but a better take-out pizza you will not find!	2
The clientel, however, make it a scene for creative, talented people--inlcuding a soon-to-be-famous theater director who used to waitress there!	0
The clientel, however, make it a scene for creative, talented people--inlcuding a soon-to-be-famous theater director who used to waitress there!	7
I liked the overall setting A LOT and it was only improved by the fact that our waiter was pleasant and attentive even though we only ordered entrees (no drinks, no appetizers, no coffee).	14
I liked the overall setting A LOT and it was only improved by the fact that our waiter was pleasant and attentive even though we only ordered entrees (no drinks, no appetizers, no coffee).	8
I liked the overall setting A LOT and it was only improved by the fact that our waiter was pleasant and attentive even though we only ordered entrees (no drinks, no appetizers, no coffee).	1
However service was quite slow for a lunch hour.	3
However service was quite slow for a lunch hour.	1
The menu was much too narrow - 4 pastas and 6 meat dishes or so.	17
The menu was much too narrow - 4 pastas and 6 meat dishes or so.	1
(We did make reservations, since we had a group of 8, but had a short wait when arriving a little early.	22
(We did make reservations, since we had a group of 8, but had a short wait when arriving a little early.	3
first of all, the hostess was not pleasant and had a bit of an attitude when seating us.	6
first of all, the hostess was not pleasant and had a bit of an attitude when seating us.	19
We are laidback diners and as we've both waited tables, we tend to be forgiving of irregular service.	10
We are laidback diners and as we've both waited tables, we tend to be forgiving of irregular service.	19
We are laidback diners and as we've both waited tables, we tend to be forgiving of irregular service.	3
We only saw 2 - 3 boring appitizers on the menu and not a lot of choices of meat to select from.	0
We only saw 2 - 3 boring appitizers on the menu and not a lot of choices of meat to select from.	16
It gets crazy busy like any other bar on the weekends, so don't go there on a busy night if your looking for a quiete dinner party or fine dining service.	19
It gets crazy busy like any other bar on the weekends, so don't go there on a busy night if your looking for a quiete dinner party or fine dining service.	5
The service may be a little slow (what can you expect in this laid back atmosphere), but a Sunday brunch is a rewarding experience.	3
The service may be a little slow (what can you expect in this laid back atmosphere), but a Sunday brunch is a rewarding experience.	2
Get in before peak dinner time (7-8 PM) to avoid harried service.	1
Get in before peak dinner time (7-8 PM) to avoid harried service.	3
The mussels and frits were great, but the host had an attitude and my friends and I waited about 1 1/2 hours to be seated on a random Tues.	2
The mussels and frits were great, but the host had an attitude and my friends and I waited about 1 1/2 hours to be seated on a random Tues.	6
My date knew the waiters from years of dining here, so we were treated like royalty.	8
My date knew the waiters from years of dining here, so we were treated like royalty.	1
My date knew the waiters from years of dining here, so we were treated like royalty.	5
While the appetizers I sampled (gnocchi; shrimp wrapped in coconut or somesuch) were not so impressive (the gnocchi portion is meager and overpriced), my table was 100% satisfied with their entrees too.	0
While the appetizers I sampled (gnocchi; shrimp wrapped in coconut or somesuch) were not so impressive (the gnocchi portion is meager and overpriced), my table was 100% satisfied with their entrees too.	23
Were told we could not share one menu and called over the horrible manager.	16
Were told we could not share one menu and called over the horrible manager.	6
The bill came out to quite a lot though, considering there were 14 of us some of us ordered way too many drinks.	10
The bill came out to quite a lot though, considering there were 14 of us some of us ordered way too many drinks.	2
Many Thais top off spicy dishes with a fried egg, but in many places it's not on the menu and when requested, I will either get charged $1.	2
Many Thais top off spicy dishes with a fried egg, but in many places it's not on the menu and when requested, I will either get charged $1.	16
It had not been made fresh at the bar, but kept in the freezer till we ordered, they also forgot our soup, kept us waiting for the frozen sushi for close to an hour.	19
It had not been made fresh at the bar, but kept in the freezer till we ordered, they also forgot our soup, kept us waiting for the frozen sushi for close to an hour.	0
It had not been made fresh at the bar, but kept in the freezer till we ordered, they also forgot our soup, kept us waiting for the frozen sushi for close to an hour.	3
The owners couldn't have been more accomodating -- we had the entire restaurant to ourselves on a Saturday (before it opens to the public for dinner).	8
The owners couldn't have been more accomodating -- we had the entire restaurant to ourselves on a Saturday (before it opens to the public for dinner).	1
We would have left and gone to another restaurant but the host kept saying that a table was opening up in 5 minutes, people had just paid, etc - except when I went to check the table, they were ordering dessert.	6
We would have left and gone to another restaurant but the host kept saying that a table was opening up in 5 minutes, people had just paid, etc - except when I went to check the table, they were ordering dessert.	1
Our waiter was pushing us all night to take our plates, and swiped my dessert before I was finised with it.	6
Our waiter was pushing us all night to take our plates, and swiped my dessert before I was finised with it.	22
Our waiter was pushing us all night to take our plates, and swiped my dessert before I was finised with it.	1
Or better yet, if on a budget and want to do something romantic, stop at the bar for a drink and enjoy the sunset.	19
Or better yet, if on a budget and want to do something romantic, stop at the bar for a drink and enjoy the sunset.	23
It is a nice diner atmosphere, they have booths all around and a couple of middle tables.	14
It is a nice diner atmosphere, they have booths all around and a couple of middle tables.	19
The waitress had an ongoing diatribe with a waiter the whole time she served us-it was ALL BAD!!	7
The waitress had an ongoing diatribe with a waiter the whole time she served us-it was ALL BAD!!	3
Food was good, but not worth the wait.	2
Food was good, but not worth the wait.	3
The service was rather slow but our waiter was very pleasant and obliging.	3
The service was rather slow but our waiter was very pleasant and obliging.	8
Didn't like having to flag down waiters for drinks, nor having to wait almost 15 minutes for a check after asking two servers.	6
Didn't like having to flag down waiters for drinks, nor having to wait almost 15 minutes for a check after asking two servers.	1
I don't usually go there over the weekends or during prime dinner hours--but for a weekday dinner it's great, and I've never had any problems with crowds, waiting, or bad service.	1
I don't usually go there over the weekends or during prime dinner hours--but for a weekday dinner it's great, and I've never had any problems with crowds, waiting, or bad service.	22
I don't usually go there over the weekends or during prime dinner hours--but for a weekday dinner it's great, and I've never had any problems with crowds, waiting, or bad service.	3
A+ for the food but the wait staffs need to educate themselves better.	2
A+ for the food but the wait staffs need to educate themselves better.	6
The food was awful and took forever to arrive - which considering the limited menu, few diners and the fact that we ordered chili, mac cheese and a grill cheese was annoying.	15
The food was awful and took forever to arrive - which considering the limited menu, few diners and the fact that we ordered chili, mac cheese and a grill cheese was annoying.	9
The food was awful and took forever to arrive - which considering the limited menu, few diners and the fact that we ordered chili, mac cheese and a grill cheese was annoying.	1
Finally got our food after waiting a long time for oysters, doesn't take that long to shuck 'em, the place isn't that big, and it was OK.	1
Finally got our food after waiting a long time for oysters, doesn't take that long to shuck 'em, the place isn't that big, and it was OK.	21
After a crazy day @ work, with no reservation, we were so lucky to score a seat at the bar on an incredibly busy evening.	21
After a crazy day @ work, with no reservation, we were so lucky to score a seat at the bar on an incredibly busy evening.	19
I also asked for a chef (thought that may be able to talk about the food for the party), but the waitress said that there was no chef at the restaurant.	1
I also asked for a chef (thought that may be able to talk about the food for the party), but the waitress said that there was no chef at the restaurant.	6
Our waiter (who also seemed to be the manager) dropped red wine all over me the contents of my purse and all he did was apologize quickly, hand me some club soda and avoid me for the rest of the time I was there.	6
Our waiter (who also seemed to be the manager) dropped red wine all over me the contents of my purse and all he did was apologize quickly, hand me some club soda and avoid me for the rest of the time I was there.	1
The place was so dark, I needed the table candle to read the menu and could not properly see what I was eating.	18
The place was so dark, I needed the table candle to read the menu and could not properly see what I was eating.	22
The place was so dark, I needed the table candle to read the menu and could not properly see what I was eating.	16
People were leaving because they had been waiting for hours, however we decided to stay and have a complimentary drink at the bar which was absoloutely beautiful along with the view, the only plus.	3
People were leaving because they had been waiting for hours, however we decided to stay and have a complimentary drink at the bar which was absoloutely beautiful along with the view, the only plus.	19
Dining experience begins with cracked, filthy vinyl tile flooring tables so small close together that you couldn't move.	1
Dining experience begins with cracked, filthy vinyl tile flooring tables so small close together that you couldn't move.	21
*Food:Just about anything on the menu, however the sandwhiches are most popular and recommended.	16
*Food:Just about anything on the menu, however the sandwhiches are most popular and recommended.	2
To be fair, I realize I was there for lunch and that the food is probbably better at dinner service when a full kitchen staff has arrived and prepped, but I doubt I'd return to find out with so many other options in the neighborhood i already trust.	1
To be fair, I realize I was there for lunch and that the food is probbably better at dinner service when a full kitchen staff has arrived and prepped, but I doubt I'd return to find out with so many other options in the neighborhood i already trust.	8
Food and Service of the same high quality elsewhere in NY would have been twice the cost.	2
Food and Service of the same high quality elsewhere in NY would have been twice the cost.	10
Silky black bass with porcini mushrooms carries smoky, earthy and buttery overtones that somehow never overpower the fish, and whole-roasted baby pig includes belly meat, braised for 24 hours in five spice-ginger glaze, and yet the pork flavor is still fully present.	2
Silky black bass with porcini mushrooms carries smoky, earthy and buttery overtones that somehow never overpower the fish, and whole-roasted baby pig includes belly meat, braised for 24 hours in five spice-ginger glaze, and yet the pork flavor is still fully present.	22
Overall,it's a good place to have dinner and hang out if you do not mind waiting for food,weird music and rude manager.	1
Overall,it's a good place to have dinner and hang out if you do not mind waiting for food,weird music and rude manager.	4
Overall,it's a good place to have dinner and hang out if you do not mind waiting for food,weird music and rude manager.	12
Went there for dinner last night w/ my boyfriend and a friend after work and got there around 7 so we were able to score seats in this tiny cramped space.	1
Went there for dinner last night w/ my boyfriend and a friend after work and got there around 7 so we were able to score seats in this tiny cramped space.	18
The chips and salsa are good, but the meal is not worth the wait.	0
The chips and salsa are good, but the meal is not worth the wait.	4
There is NO waiting area - waiters, diners,and staff all converge in a tight space.	7
There is NO waiting area - waiters, diners,and staff all converge in a tight space.	10
There is NO waiting area - waiters, diners,and staff all converge in a tight space.	18
The chefs and staff are welcoming and happy to make substitutions or tune the spice up or down to your requests.	8
The chefs and staff are welcoming and happy to make substitutions or tune the spice up or down to your requests.	1
So I go into the bar, and I ask the (extremely hot) waitress, what's the soup of the day?	19
So I go into the bar, and I ask the (extremely hot) waitress, what's the soup of the day?	8
The wait could be long because of the limited number of seats but it is worth it, especially if you leave your cell phone # with them and go off for a drink at any one fo the excellent bars nearby, like lokie, great lake, etc.	3
The wait could be long because of the limited number of seats but it is worth it, especially if you leave your cell phone # with them and go off for a drink at any one fo the excellent bars nearby, like lokie, great lake, etc.	1
When the manager came to our table at the end of the meal and asked how our experience was, I complained to him about the cold.	7
When the manager came to our table at the end of the meal and asked how our experience was, I complained to him about the cold.	21
The food took forever to come out from the kitchen.	0
The food took forever to come out from the kitchen.	19
The meal arrived just as we were finishing the appetizers, each good portions.	1
The meal arrived just as we were finishing the appetizers, each good portions.	23
Aperitif was the Casablanca; it was served carelessly with ice chunks large enough to sink the Titanic.	3
Aperitif was the Casablanca; it was served carelessly with ice chunks large enough to sink the Titanic.	1
both appetizer and main were poorly made by some random cooks the picked up from who knows where.	21
both appetizer and main were poorly made by some random cooks the picked up from who knows where.	7
While I liked the place, I'd never come back in a weekend night again, and with reservations.	20
While I liked the place, I'd never come back in a weekend night again, and with reservations.	22
The inattentive waiters never refilled our water glasses, never offered more drinks, our silverware was never replaced, and it took almost half an hour at times for them to clear our table after we finished a course.	6
The inattentive waiters never refilled our water glasses, never offered more drinks, our silverware was never replaced, and it took almost half an hour at times for them to clear our table after we finished a course.	1
when the waitress finally took our order after being seated at the table for over 30 minutes only to wait another 45 minutes for food and when the food arrived the order was incomplete.	6
when the waitress finally took our order after being seated at the table for over 30 minutes only to wait another 45 minutes for food and when the food arrived the order was incomplete.	22
The choices on the menu were very limited-discounting raw items, there were practically no appetizers The foie gras de canard was mediocre with a syrupy sauce.	21
The choices on the menu were very limited-discounting raw items, there were practically no appetizers The foie gras de canard was mediocre with a syrupy sauce.	16
The choices on the menu were very limited-discounting raw items, there were practically no appetizers The foie gras de canard was mediocre with a syrupy sauce.	0
Lastly, the bartender didnt give me detailed bill, just my credit card receipt to sign.	6
Lastly, the bartender didnt give me detailed bill, just my credit card receipt to sign.	10
The Food The restaurant boasts an impressive raw bar and samplings from the bait menu a big draw.	1
The Food The restaurant boasts an impressive raw bar and samplings from the bait menu a big draw.	20
The Food The restaurant boasts an impressive raw bar and samplings from the bait menu a big draw.	16
In the hour we waited for our food we had to remind our mentally challenged waitress 3times to bring our chipssalsa.	1
In the hour we waited for our food we had to remind our mentally challenged waitress 3times to bring our chipssalsa.	6
The strong suit of this place is the decor, alas we was seated and served by some guy who looked like he was out of a seedy 70's porn movie and everything went downhill after.	14
The strong suit of this place is the decor, alas we was seated and served by some guy who looked like he was out of a seedy 70's porn movie and everything went downhill after.	4
They did a great job on the decor but it seems that the food has gotten a bit less in the quality department, as well as in the portion size!	14
They did a great job on the decor but it seems that the food has gotten a bit less in the quality department, as well as in the portion size!	0
They did a great job on the decor but it seems that the food has gotten a bit less in the quality department, as well as in the portion size!	21
We decided to order soup (over $6 a bowl), thinking that would be quick, however our waitress then said the soup is OUT OF A CAN and still would be a 20 minute wait since the tickets are processed in order.	22
We decided to order soup (over $6 a bowl), thinking that would be quick, however our waitress then said the soup is OUT OF A CAN and still would be a 20 minute wait since the tickets are processed in order.	6
Waitress didn't know anything about the menu, but other than that I would recommend.	6
Waitress didn't know anything about the menu, but other than that I would recommend.	16
the service was somewhat spotty, but we were rewarded with free drinks and the waiters were all sweet and lovely, genuinely french-speaking but not snooty!	3
the service was somewhat spotty, but we were rewarded with free drinks and the waiters were all sweet and lovely, genuinely french-speaking but not snooty!	2
the service was somewhat spotty, but we were rewarded with free drinks and the waiters were all sweet and lovely, genuinely french-speaking but not snooty!	8
The irony of it all is that I tried the fish and chips at a sports bar across the street the following week, 1/2 the price (w/ fries included), and the portion was bigger and much tastier.	1
The irony of it all is that I tried the fish and chips at a sports bar across the street the following week, 1/2 the price (w/ fries included), and the portion was bigger and much tastier.	19
The irony of it all is that I tried the fish and chips at a sports bar across the street the following week, 1/2 the price (w/ fries included), and the portion was bigger and much tastier.	10
The irony of it all is that I tried the fish and chips at a sports bar across the street the following week, 1/2 the price (w/ fries included), and the portion was bigger and much tastier.	23
brunch menu had nice variety to choose from, miniblueberrrymuffins better than some bakeries, included in their price mimosa/bloody mary's were nice.	17
brunch menu had nice variety to choose from, miniblueberrrymuffins better than some bakeries, included in their price mimosa/bloody mary's were nice.	10
The man working the door (red hair)-very funny and warming.	8
The man working the door (red hair)-very funny and warming.	22
One of my friends told them it was my birthday and the staff relally surprised me when their came to me singing with the mexican hats and a dessert with a candle on it.	8
One of my friends told them it was my birthday and the staff relally surprised me when their came to me singing with the mexican hats and a dessert with a candle on it.	22
The spaghetti with ricotta cheese is hands down my favorite thing on the menu and I am big fan of the house wine.	2
The spaghetti with ricotta cheese is hands down my favorite thing on the menu and I am big fan of the house wine.	16
) I also noticed the table next to ours didn't enjoy her dish and they went above and beyond to try to make up for it.	22
) I also noticed the table next to ours didn't enjoy her dish and they went above and beyond to try to make up for it.	2
The ambience is cool, and the cocktails might be worth coming by, but head somewhere else for dinner.	14
The ambience is cool, and the cocktails might be worth coming by, but head somewhere else for dinner.	1
After sitting without any beverages for about fifteen minutes, the manager got up and poured a glass of water for his smacking companion.	1
After sitting without any beverages for about fifteen minutes, the manager got up and poured a glass of water for his smacking companion.	6
PDiddy need a new staff you would have thought it was a bunch of old people cooking the food and waiting on us.	6
PDiddy need a new staff you would have thought it was a bunch of old people cooking the food and waiting on us.	1
We ended up having appetizers in the lounge, while listening to a really great DJ.	19
We ended up having appetizers in the lounge, while listening to a really great DJ.	8
No extra pickles, no AC, no ice water, slow service, the whole thing was just dissapointing.	1
No extra pickles, no AC, no ice water, slow service, the whole thing was just dissapointing.	3
Keep in mind, no one else was even in the restaurant and we were asking the waitress questions about entree options.	6
Keep in mind, no one else was even in the restaurant and we were asking the waitress questions about entree options.	22
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess.	22
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess.	6
The waitress was kind and helpfull with the menu.	8
The waitress was kind and helpfull with the menu.	16
Dishes feature intriguing names, and interesting combinations of fresh ingredients.	1
Dishes feature intriguing names, and interesting combinations of fresh ingredients.	14
The servers, casual in their striped button-downs, anticipate and fulfill needs as if they were trained as mind readers.	6
The servers, casual in their striped button-downs, anticipate and fulfill needs as if they were trained as mind readers.	1
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.	9
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.	22
Fortunately the hostess was nice enough to take our appetizers off the bill after we complained.	8
Fortunately the hostess was nice enough to take our appetizers off the bill after we complained.	1
What it lacks in decor it more than makes up in the cuisine.	12
What it lacks in decor it more than makes up in the cuisine.	2
It was not the mistake of the frozen lasagna, it was the icy service of the manager which has spoiled this restaurant for me.	1
It was not the mistake of the frozen lasagna, it was the icy service of the manager which has spoiled this restaurant for me.	3
It was not the mistake of the frozen lasagna, it was the icy service of the manager which has spoiled this restaurant for me.	6
Since it changed owners/chefs, the portions are smaller (I always used to ask for a doggie bag for my chic-parm), now I can finish and still be hungry even after appetizers (which aren't as good anymore).	21
Since it changed owners/chefs, the portions are smaller (I always used to ask for a doggie bag for my chic-parm), now I can finish and still be hungry even after appetizers (which aren't as good anymore).	1
I was their for Saturday lunch, adn I think that there's a different dinner menu, but everything was great.	1
I was their for Saturday lunch, adn I think that there's a different dinner menu, but everything was great.	17
Greek Glasswine is still on menu along side good value bottle selections fromaround the world.	16
Greek Glasswine is still on menu along side good value bottle selections fromaround the world.	2
Though we had to wait about 45 minutes from our dinner reservation time, we were given breadsticks, olives and parmasean to nibble on while we waited, albeit in the very cramped bar area.	1
Though we had to wait about 45 minutes from our dinner reservation time, we were given breadsticks, olives and parmasean to nibble on while we waited, albeit in the very cramped bar area.	18
The manager (or someone very important that was able to be seated 1/2 hour before opening) sat in the corner, with a glass of wine, a date, and talked on his cell for about an hour, loudly, while the first arrivals were sent to the hotel tearoom next door.	6
The manager (or someone very important that was able to be seated 1/2 hour before opening) sat in the corner, with a glass of wine, a date, and talked on his cell for about an hour, loudly, while the first arrivals were sent to the hotel tearoom next door.	19
The manager (or someone very important that was able to be seated 1/2 hour before opening) sat in the corner, with a glass of wine, a date, and talked on his cell for about an hour, loudly, while the first arrivals were sent to the hotel tearoom next door.	1
We had to ask for bread after 45 minutes and even though our waiter was GREAT, he had to ask the stiff manager to comp us a round of drinks for waiting so long.	8
We had to ask for bread after 45 minutes and even though our waiter was GREAT, he had to ask the stiff manager to comp us a round of drinks for waiting so long.	1
We had to ask for bread after 45 minutes and even though our waiter was GREAT, he had to ask the stiff manager to comp us a round of drinks for waiting so long.	3
These are all new items on the menu the waiter told us, and they were delicious!	16
These are all new items on the menu the waiter told us, and they were delicious!	8
They offer a sushi bar with very fresh fish, and the side dishes are excellent.	19
They offer a sushi bar with very fresh fish, and the side dishes are excellent.	2
you go all out with dress, tastes, and performance, and in the end its really about having a good time where you truly indulge yoursef in good vodka, compnay, music, and food.	22
you go all out with dress, tastes, and performance, and in the end its really about having a good time where you truly indulge yoursef in good vodka, compnay, music, and food.	2
you go all out with dress, tastes, and performance, and in the end its really about having a good time where you truly indulge yoursef in good vodka, compnay, music, and food.	13
There's even a nice menu of savory items served during late lunch and dinner hours.	2
There's even a nice menu of savory items served during late lunch and dinner hours.	22
The only reason they seem to taste so good is because the food is well decorated with its super small portion.	2
The only reason they seem to taste so good is because the food is well decorated with its super small portion.	21
The wait time for food can be long, so don't dine here if you're in a hurry.	3
The wait time for food can be long, so don't dine here if you're in a hurry.	1
On another occasion, this same gentleman brought bottled water for our entire party [4] on the house again, when we missed our cab and asked to wait inside.	6
On another occasion, this same gentleman brought bottled water for our entire party [4] on the house again, when we missed our cab and asked to wait inside.	1
The only thing whihc i (and my partner) never heard before was: the waitress mentioned the price of the specials (?	6
The only thing whihc i (and my partner) never heard before was: the waitress mentioned the price of the specials (?	10
The only thing whihc i (and my partner) never heard before was: the waitress mentioned the price of the specials (?	1
I live around the corner and I miss the unpretentious and always lovely, Irving on Irving, that used to occupy this space where you didn't need a reservation three weeks in advance to eat dinner after 5:30 and before 11 pm.	20
I live around the corner and I miss the unpretentious and always lovely, Irving on Irving, that used to occupy this space where you didn't need a reservation three weeks in advance to eat dinner after 5:30 and before 11 pm.	22
I live around the corner and I miss the unpretentious and always lovely, Irving on Irving, that used to occupy this space where you didn't need a reservation three weeks in advance to eat dinner after 5:30 and before 11 pm.	1
The waitress did try to get the manager to at least give us the Sangria on the house but the manager refused.	6
The waitress did try to get the manager to at least give us the Sangria on the house but the manager refused.	1
One friend's pizza arrived about 15 minutes before the rest of our meals (the remainder of our entrees did not even arrive at the same time), and our waiter half-heartedly apologized for the delay while rolling his eyes.	1
One friend's pizza arrived about 15 minutes before the rest of our meals (the remainder of our entrees did not even arrive at the same time), and our waiter half-heartedly apologized for the delay while rolling his eyes.	8
large portions so unless you are of large stature you should not get 2 appetizers.	23
large portions so unless you are of large stature you should not get 2 appetizers.	1
We asked for bread plates when the bread was brought to the table and the server's response was management has decided not to offer bread plates.	22
We asked for bread plates when the bread was brought to the table and the server's response was management has decided not to offer bread plates.	6
First, the waiter brought us to a table where people were still finishing their coffee from their meal - he told them the restaurant was busy and they needed to finish now and to pay their bill inside.	6
First, the waiter brought us to a table where people were still finishing their coffee from their meal - he told them the restaurant was busy and they needed to finish now and to pay their bill inside.	1
If you can't tolerate slow service at a pizza place, then spend more money elsewhere.	3
If you can't tolerate slow service at a pizza place, then spend more money elsewhere.	1
The Food This Cajun-Italian menu is lengthier than its Manhattan counterparts--here, adventuresome diners can still design their own pies, but they can also feast on oversized plates of peel-and-eat old bay shrimp and cajun spaghetti with meatballs enlivened with andouille sausage.	17
The Food This Cajun-Italian menu is lengthier than its Manhattan counterparts--here, adventuresome diners can still design their own pies, but they can also feast on oversized plates of peel-and-eat old bay shrimp and cajun spaghetti with meatballs enlivened with andouille sausage.	11
The Food This Cajun-Italian menu is lengthier than its Manhattan counterparts--here, adventuresome diners can still design their own pies, but they can also feast on oversized plates of peel-and-eat old bay shrimp and cajun spaghetti with meatballs enlivened with andouille sausage.	23
The Food This Cajun-Italian menu is lengthier than its Manhattan counterparts--here, adventuresome diners can still design their own pies, but they can also feast on oversized plates of peel-and-eat old bay shrimp and cajun spaghetti with meatballs enlivened with andouille sausage.	1
In Short It's a bakery, takeout place and cafe all in one, and thanks to dishes prepared using the same ingredients stocked at famed gourmet food emporium, Zabar's, prices and quality are upscale.	19
In Short It's a bakery, takeout place and cafe all in one, and thanks to dishes prepared using the same ingredients stocked at famed gourmet food emporium, Zabar's, prices and quality are upscale.	2
In Short It's a bakery, takeout place and cafe all in one, and thanks to dishes prepared using the same ingredients stocked at famed gourmet food emporium, Zabar's, prices and quality are upscale.	13
In Short It's a bakery, takeout place and cafe all in one, and thanks to dishes prepared using the same ingredients stocked at famed gourmet food emporium, Zabar's, prices and quality are upscale.	11
In Short It's a bakery, takeout place and cafe all in one, and thanks to dishes prepared using the same ingredients stocked at famed gourmet food emporium, Zabar's, prices and quality are upscale.	23
And then he'll forget to bring your drink every time you order one, won't pay attention to your table of 8, will give you unwarranted attitude, and never be friendly or smile.	1
And then he'll forget to bring your drink every time you order one, won't pay attention to your table of 8, will give you unwarranted attitude, and never be friendly or smile.	3
complaints were shrugged off and service was slow, causing the dinner to go on for over 2 hours.	3
complaints were shrugged off and service was slow, causing the dinner to go on for over 2 hours.	1
' When I called the waitress on it, she said that they simply couldn't serve tap water.	6
' When I called the waitress on it, she said that they simply couldn't serve tap water.	1
With all of the kitchen goof-ups (appetizer coming out before the entree and one entree coming out ten minutes before the other) you would think that the wait staff would have been more attentive.	1
With all of the kitchen goof-ups (appetizer coming out before the entree and one entree coming out ten minutes before the other) you would think that the wait staff would have been more attentive.	8
The decor was mediocre and honestly, I can get a better brunch at a Cracker Barrel restaurant.	12
The decor was mediocre and honestly, I can get a better brunch at a Cracker Barrel restaurant.	2
Once seated, there was no waitress to give us our menus.	4
Once seated, there was no waitress to give us our menus.	6
Once seated, there was no waitress to give us our menus.	16
We initially ordered a bottle of wine and the waitress though we may not like it, so she offered us a taste.	6
We initially ordered a bottle of wine and the waitress though we may not like it, so she offered us a taste.	1
I go generally with one friend but on occasion have popped in with more, if a table is not possible, as they are booked solid every night, well, the food and service is just as over-the-top amazing at the bar or in the lounge as it is in the dining room.	22
I go generally with one friend but on occasion have popped in with more, if a table is not possible, as they are booked solid every night, well, the food and service is just as over-the-top amazing at the bar or in the lounge as it is in the dining room.	5
I go generally with one friend but on occasion have popped in with more, if a table is not possible, as they are booked solid every night, well, the food and service is just as over-the-top amazing at the bar or in the lounge as it is in the dining room.	19
The food was certainly fine, although prices were high by any standard, with dinner for four being over $300 without drinks.	9
The food was certainly fine, although prices were high by any standard, with dinner for four being over $300 without drinks.	1
The cajun food is great but there is something for everyone on the menu and I have yet to be disappointed.	2
The cajun food is great but there is something for everyone on the menu and I have yet to be disappointed.	16
The staff was accomodating towards our daughter and nice enough to check up on her after they served dinner (I was a little concerned about the spices and they suggested a dish).	8
The staff was accomodating towards our daughter and nice enough to check up on her after they served dinner (I was a little concerned about the spices and they suggested a dish).	1
The price is cheap - 5 dumplings for $1.	11
The price is cheap - 5 dumplings for $1.	1
The portions were pretty small for the price, I thought, and I never got the coffee I ordered.	21
The portions were pretty small for the price, I thought, and I never got the coffee I ordered.	10
The portions were pretty small for the price, I thought, and I never got the coffee I ordered.	0
She then sent over the owner, and his only recourse was to give us a free bottle of sparkling wine.	8
She then sent over the owner, and his only recourse was to give us a free bottle of sparkling wine.	1
While the decor is a bit bland--a white room with a few fake palm trees and thatched roof--the service is fast and friendly.	19
While the decor is a bit bland--a white room with a few fake palm trees and thatched roof--the service is fast and friendly.	5
Service during dinner was alright, but one's perception to a restaurant usually starts from the very beginning: the entrance.	5
Service during dinner was alright, but one's perception to a restaurant usually starts from the very beginning: the entrance.	1
The pancakes I ordered were nothing like the menu's description.	0
The pancakes I ordered were nothing like the menu's description.	16
The pancakes I ordered were nothing like the menu's description.	22
I've had Gnocchi from the Bronx to Coney Island and this place is, hands down, the best.	1
I've had Gnocchi from the Bronx to Coney Island and this place is, hands down, the best.	20
I went to Joy hoping to find some great Indian, but unfotunately found curry that was no better than average.	23
I went to Joy hoping to find some great Indian, but unfotunately found curry that was no better than average.	0
The food, congeniality, and service have all deteriorated overf the past few years and so the wait is not worth it.	2
The food, congeniality, and service have all deteriorated overf the past few years and so the wait is not worth it.	3
I was not allowed to transfer my credit card to the table, and was treated disgracefully while the hostess waited for the bar to sign off my card.	6
I was not allowed to transfer my credit card to the table, and was treated disgracefully while the hostess waited for the bar to sign off my card.	19
When our first order came, they forgot the torro (which we later learned it was finished for the night.	0
When our first order came, they forgot the torro (which we later learned it was finished for the night.	22
service, one would be overpaying for the experience and for the food.	5
service, one would be overpaying for the experience and for the food.	1
(try the Queso Fundido and fire) Upstairs there is a dining room which is decorated with brightly colored mexican theme.	1
(try the Queso Fundido and fire) Upstairs there is a dining room which is decorated with brightly colored mexican theme.	19
(try the Queso Fundido and fire) Upstairs there is a dining room which is decorated with brightly colored mexican theme.	14
I don't remember the dessert item but when it was brought out flashing lights overhead threw colored beams on the walls and a young waiter came over to our table and did a little dance that was Bollywood MTV for the East Village set.	1
I don't remember the dessert item but when it was brought out flashing lights overhead threw colored beams on the walls and a young waiter came over to our table and did a little dance that was Bollywood MTV for the East Village set.	6
I don't remember the dessert item but when it was brought out flashing lights overhead threw colored beams on the walls and a young waiter came over to our table and did a little dance that was Bollywood MTV for the East Village set.	21
They've also got a huge salad/sushi/appetizer bar that you won't even get to if you're eating the meat.	20
They've also got a huge salad/sushi/appetizer bar that you won't even get to if you're eating the meat.	1
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.	14
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.	1
The fact that the resteraunt staff couldn't even keep a reservation straight, not to mention that after screwing up, they told us to go scratch and made us wait almost 2 hours.	6
The fact that the resteraunt staff couldn't even keep a reservation straight, not to mention that after screwing up, they told us to go scratch and made us wait almost 2 hours.	22
One waitress was downright rude when we asked for the check.	6
One waitress was downright rude when we asked for the check.	10
Drinks took a while, and after a few rounds pf the we're sorry, we don't have this bottle sir routine.	1
Drinks took a while, and after a few rounds pf the we're sorry, we don't have this bottle sir routine.	21
A waiter looked me in the eye and said we did not order wine, as if to infer we were making this up.	6
A waiter looked me in the eye and said we did not order wine, as if to infer we were making this up.	1
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!	23
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!	0
I am not good with using chopsticks and asked for a fork, instead the owner insisted that I try using a chopstick an made me an easy-to-use chop stick right there on the spot!	22
I am not good with using chopsticks and asked for a fork, instead the owner insisted that I try using a chopstick an made me an easy-to-use chop stick right there on the spot!	8
When the bill came, both appetizers were charged even though we had one bite of the first and it should not have served competely overcooked.	10
When the bill came, both appetizers were charged even though we had one bite of the first and it should not have served competely overcooked.	1
When the bill came, both appetizers were charged even though we had one bite of the first and it should not have served competely overcooked.	3
Basic facts: sub-par limited menu; poorly made drinks; random crowd; and a waitress (although entertaining) that was doing shots behind the bar.	6
Basic facts: sub-par limited menu; poorly made drinks; random crowd; and a waitress (although entertaining) that was doing shots behind the bar.	19
The store has a great atmosphere amd amazing staff who are always there to help if its a cup of coffee or a nice chat.	14
The store has a great atmosphere amd amazing staff who are always there to help if its a cup of coffee or a nice chat.	8
The store has a great atmosphere amd amazing staff who are always there to help if its a cup of coffee or a nice chat.	1
The Scene The main dining room of this boisterous Carnegie Hall restaurant, dubbed the New York Room, is a cavernous space with high ceilings and sweeping glass windows.	22
The Scene The main dining room of this boisterous Carnegie Hall restaurant, dubbed the New York Room, is a cavernous space with high ceilings and sweeping glass windows.	20
The only drawback was slow service, but the food and ambience are so nice that your wait is A) pleasant and B) worth it.	3
The only drawback was slow service, but the food and ambience are so nice that your wait is A) pleasant and B) worth it.	2
The only drawback was slow service, but the food and ambience are so nice that your wait is A) pleasant and B) worth it.	14
It's interesting but after eating dinner here once the only thing I remember is that the bar was nice, drinks expensive and food was only average.	20
It's interesting but after eating dinner here once the only thing I remember is that the bar was nice, drinks expensive and food was only average.	0
however the dessert porportions somehow ballooned to regular conventional sizes.	1
however the dessert porportions somehow ballooned to regular conventional sizes.	21
I went on a saturday and the atmosphere was no more exciting than eating dinner at home.	12
I went on a saturday and the atmosphere was no more exciting than eating dinner at home.	1
why go there to deal with staffs' attitude and eat bad food?	7
why go there to deal with staffs' attitude and eat bad food?	4
why go there to deal with staffs' attitude and eat bad food?	0
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.	6
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.	1
When my group complained to our waiter about a cake cutting fee that involved no cutting, the manager came over to the table and basically told us that it was our fault for not knowing that their policy was just to serve the plates, not to cut.	6
When my group complained to our waiter about a cake cutting fee that involved no cutting, the manager came over to the table and basically told us that it was our fault for not knowing that their policy was just to serve the plates, not to cut.	1
When my group complained to our waiter about a cake cutting fee that involved no cutting, the manager came over to the table and basically told us that it was our fault for not knowing that their policy was just to serve the plates, not to cut.	22
They don't offer recommendations, take a long time with drink orders, don't check back after serving the entree, and plan on waiting a long time for the check.	3
They don't offer recommendations, take a long time with drink orders, don't check back after serving the entree, and plan on waiting a long time for the check.	1
Diners sit around large tables where chefs ostentatiously chop, slice, stir-fry and grill.	6
Diners sit around large tables where chefs ostentatiously chop, slice, stir-fry and grill.	10
Interestingly, cost only becomes truly apparent when dinner is over, as there is no menu before that presented for deserts.	9
Interestingly, cost only becomes truly apparent when dinner is over, as there is no menu before that presented for deserts.	1
The menu was nothing special (I had to switch my entree choices several times because the server told me that the portion is really REALLY small!)	16
The menu was nothing special (I had to switch my entree choices several times because the server told me that the portion is really REALLY small!)	6
I had to wait quite a while to get my food and the waitress almost knocked me in the head with her tray.	1
I had to wait quite a while to get my food and the waitress almost knocked me in the head with her tray.	6
For a menu in a similar price range with some similar items, but mostly unique entrees, try the less formal Toast 13 or so blocks north on the same side of Broadway.	10
For a menu in a similar price range with some similar items, but mostly unique entrees, try the less formal Toast 13 or so blocks north on the same side of Broadway.	2
We waited about 10 minutes for a table and enjoyed peanuts and cocktails at the bar (drinks are $3.	22
We waited about 10 minutes for a table and enjoyed peanuts and cocktails at the bar (drinks are $3.	2
We waited about 10 minutes for a table and enjoyed peanuts and cocktails at the bar (drinks are $3.	19
I even had a waiter who was carrying a tray of beers actually TELL me to get out of the way as I was making my way towards the door.	6
I even had a waiter who was carrying a tray of beers actually TELL me to get out of the way as I was making my way towards the door.	1
The menu is pricey and the food was not tasty - except for the tostones with garlic and oil.	15
The menu is pricey and the food was not tasty - except for the tostones with garlic and oil.	2
the place had open doors and windows and a very relaxed, candle-lit type of atmosphere.	20
the place had open doors and windows and a very relaxed, candle-lit type of atmosphere.	22
the place had open doors and windows and a very relaxed, candle-lit type of atmosphere.	14
Beyond the green awning and floor-to-ceiling windows, sophisticated (and often European) patrons drink wine from the bar in back and dine on French fare like nicoise salad, foie gras, and steak tartare at tightly packed tables.	1
Beyond the green awning and floor-to-ceiling windows, sophisticated (and often European) patrons drink wine from the bar in back and dine on French fare like nicoise salad, foie gras, and steak tartare at tightly packed tables.	18
Coffee served without sugar/milk and took more than 10 min to catch the waiter to ask for it.	4
Coffee served without sugar/milk and took more than 10 min to catch the waiter to ask for it.	6
I had read good reviews about the value and food quality at this restaurant, so I was not surprised to see a decently priced menu (pasta under $10 and entrees approx $12 to $15).	22
I had read good reviews about the value and food quality at this restaurant, so I was not surprised to see a decently priced menu (pasta under $10 and entrees approx $12 to $15).	1
I had read good reviews about the value and food quality at this restaurant, so I was not surprised to see a decently priced menu (pasta under $10 and entrees approx $12 to $15).	17
The menu of upscale American fare is somewhat intimidating as there are almost too many choices, but our wonderful waiter Eric came to the rescue suggesting and describing specials as if he had just polished off dinner himself.	16
The menu of upscale American fare is somewhat intimidating as there are almost too many choices, but our wonderful waiter Eric came to the rescue suggesting and describing specials as if he had just polished off dinner himself.	8
The waiter simply comped off our appetizer and then stayed away for the rest of the night--we waited an additional twenty minutes after we were done eating for the check!	6
The waiter simply comped off our appetizer and then stayed away for the rest of the night--we waited an additional twenty minutes after we were done eating for the check!	10
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.	22
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.	6
Otoro tuna, gorgeously marbled with fat, is captivating; hamachi sashimi, topped by the chef with a whisper of sea salt and a barely-there squeeze of lemon, creates eye-rolling pleasure.	2
Otoro tuna, gorgeously marbled with fat, is captivating; hamachi sashimi, topped by the chef with a whisper of sea salt and a barely-there squeeze of lemon, creates eye-rolling pleasure.	7
Otoro tuna, gorgeously marbled with fat, is captivating; hamachi sashimi, topped by the chef with a whisper of sea salt and a barely-there squeeze of lemon, creates eye-rolling pleasure.	23
The place is huge, but it's always packed with people waiting to be seated because they made the mistake of not making a reservation!	20
The place is huge, but it's always packed with people waiting to be seated because they made the mistake of not making a reservation!	22
If you're not looking for a pretentious atmosphere and a restaurant that serves the best steak you've ever eaten.	14
If you're not looking for a pretentious atmosphere and a restaurant that serves the best steak you've ever eaten.	2
If you're not looking for a pretentious atmosphere and a restaurant that serves the best steak you've ever eaten.	19
It took about ten minutes to get out drink ordering after sitting down and once we recieved the bottle our waitress never once refilled our glasses!	22
It took about ten minutes to get out drink ordering after sitting down and once we recieved the bottle our waitress never once refilled our glasses!	6
Save the $$ and go to to curry hill (just 2-3 blocks away) or spend the $$ at a midtown indian eatery  (Also: I commented to hostess prior to seating that there were a lot of tables empty when choosing my seat, and she snapped back that they had a lot of reservations coming in at one time.	7
Save the $$ and go to to curry hill (just 2-3 blocks away) or spend the $$ at a midtown indian eatery  (Also: I commented to hostess prior to seating that there were a lot of tables empty when choosing my seat, and she snapped back that they had a lot of reservations coming in at one time.	18
Save the $$ and go to to curry hill (just 2-3 blocks away) or spend the $$ at a midtown indian eatery  (Also: I commented to hostess prior to seating that there were a lot of tables empty when choosing my seat, and she snapped back that they had a lot of reservations coming in at one time.	22
Upon entering Alta the bar and restaurant decor ironically misguide the patron.	19
Upon entering Alta the bar and restaurant decor ironically misguide the patron.	12
The waitress conveniently added in her tip into our bill, charged $10 for each margarita.	6
The waitress conveniently added in her tip into our bill, charged $10 for each margarita.	1
The space is grand with a very high ceiling although it is one of those places that they keep so dark you are not really sure what you are eating anyway.	20
The space is grand with a very high ceiling although it is one of those places that they keep so dark you are not really sure what you are eating anyway.	22
Waiters take your order and you don't get your food for at least 1 hour so you can prchase drinks.	6
Waiters take your order and you don't get your food for at least 1 hour so you can prchase drinks.	1
waitstaff was more into pushing the sparkling water than give me a wine menu.	6
waitstaff was more into pushing the sparkling water than give me a wine menu.	1
waitstaff was more into pushing the sparkling water than give me a wine menu.	16
Beer selection is a bit slim, but seats are plentiful and there are several sports monitors placed about the bar.	21
Beer selection is a bit slim, but seats are plentiful and there are several sports monitors placed about the bar.	19
The place got really crowded around 8ish when I went right before Christmas so reservations might be necessary.	18
The place got really crowded around 8ish when I went right before Christmas so reservations might be necessary.	22
We ordered 1/2 bottle of Gruner, 2 appetizers - foie gras and oysters, 2 entrees - steak and diver scallops, and 1 dessert, the pastry chef's favorite a mixture of crushed avocado, salt glazed caramel and lime sorbet (which really tasted like margarita infused guacamole, to try only if you're feeling wd-50 adventurous) for around $100.	1
We ordered 1/2 bottle of Gruner, 2 appetizers - foie gras and oysters, 2 entrees - steak and diver scallops, and 1 dessert, the pastry chef's favorite a mixture of crushed avocado, salt glazed caramel and lime sorbet (which really tasted like margarita infused guacamole, to try only if you're feeling wd-50 adventurous) for around $100.	8
The waiter was very attentive and always kept the bread and drinks coming.	8
The waiter was very attentive and always kept the bread and drinks coming.	1
The drinkers beside us had fresh glasses of water brought on trays to replace the empties and a smiling waitress to cater to their every whim.	23
The drinkers beside us had fresh glasses of water brought on trays to replace the empties and a smiling waitress to cater to their every whim.	1
The drinkers beside us had fresh glasses of water brought on trays to replace the empties and a smiling waitress to cater to their every whim.	8
Never on the menu or in my inquiry to the waitress was the word garlic mentioned.	16
Never on the menu or in my inquiry to the waitress was the word garlic mentioned.	6
Also, be wary of what time of the day you go; around dinnertime, the restaurant becomes a jungle of diners and hustling waitresses.	10
Also, be wary of what time of the day you go; around dinnertime, the restaurant becomes a jungle of diners and hustling waitresses.	6
I went there recently with my boyfriend and not only did it take the waitress 20 minutes to acknowledge we were even there, 20 minutes to get us water and coffee and even MORE time to place our order and get food!	6
I went there recently with my boyfriend and not only did it take the waitress 20 minutes to acknowledge we were even there, 20 minutes to get us water and coffee and even MORE time to place our order and get food!	1
The ingredients used are of a good quality and the taste is superb.	13
The ingredients used are of a good quality and the taste is superb.	23
The ingredients used are of a good quality and the taste is superb.	2
We are 30 plus year olds, very gainfully employed, were not being loud or obnoxious, there were other diners around us as well as a bunch of people at the bar and nobody seemed to have a problem with us except for this manager.	19
We are 30 plus year olds, very gainfully employed, were not being loud or obnoxious, there were other diners around us as well as a bunch of people at the bar and nobody seemed to have a problem with us except for this manager.	6
we ordered simple salads, which were outrageous in price and def.	1
we ordered simple salads, which were outrageous in price and def.	11
Limited menu but for STEAK,,, and giant onion and tomato salad.	15
Limited menu but for STEAK,,, and giant onion and tomato salad.	1
In Short Many Murray Hill locals gladly overlook the dull green walls and fluorescent lighting for Jaiya's quick and affordable Thai cooking--if not, they take meals to go or get them delivered.	21
In Short Many Murray Hill locals gladly overlook the dull green walls and fluorescent lighting for Jaiya's quick and affordable Thai cooking--if not, they take meals to go or get them delivered.	12
In Short Many Murray Hill locals gladly overlook the dull green walls and fluorescent lighting for Jaiya's quick and affordable Thai cooking--if not, they take meals to go or get them delivered.	2
The service was non-existant, the manager spent all of his time at the bar.	3
The service was non-existant, the manager spent all of his time at the bar.	6
The service was non-existant, the manager spent all of his time at the bar.	19
(So long that it prevented me from increasing their sales by getting more possible drinks) If i just saw my one waiter the whole night I would have known who to talk too.	10
(So long that it prevented me from increasing their sales by getting more possible drinks) If i just saw my one waiter the whole night I would have known who to talk too.	1
(So long that it prevented me from increasing their sales by getting more possible drinks) If i just saw my one waiter the whole night I would have known who to talk too.	6
I went here for a fun dinner with friends - they do not take reservations during the week, but we were seated pretty swiftly for a Friday night, having had a delicious glass of Spanish wine at the bar.	2
I went here for a fun dinner with friends - they do not take reservations during the week, but we were seated pretty swiftly for a Friday night, having had a delicious glass of Spanish wine at the bar.	19
Wide range of dim sum and food.	23
Wide range of dim sum and food.	1
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.	2
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.	12
Mojitos were good and prices werent bad but sides should be included in price as portions are tiny.	2
Mojitos were good and prices werent bad but sides should be included in price as portions are tiny.	9
Mojitos were good and prices werent bad but sides should be included in price as portions are tiny.	21
About a half hour wait with reservations.	3
About a half hour wait with reservations.	22
We stumbled onto this diamond in the rough after our dinner plans at Schiller's were thwarted by a 90 minute wait.	1
We stumbled onto this diamond in the rough after our dinner plans at Schiller's were thwarted by a 90 minute wait.	3
And when a waiter, in answer to a question by a diner, turns to another table and asks excuse me, do you know what this is?	6
And when a waiter, in answer to a question by a diner, turns to another table and asks excuse me, do you know what this is?	19
Party of 4 after a Sunday matinee, no reservation, seated promtply, but service was slow.	22
Party of 4 after a Sunday matinee, no reservation, seated promtply, but service was slow.	3
I go to Hing Won pretty often for lunch because it is close by and the prices are right.	1
I go to Hing Won pretty often for lunch because it is close by and the prices are right.	11
Whether it is a weekend brunch, dinner, or just hanging at the bar for cocktails, we always have THE BEST TIME.	19
Whether it is a weekend brunch, dinner, or just hanging at the bar for cocktails, we always have THE BEST TIME.	23
Although I usually go out mid-week for lunch, I now make it a habit to stop out Thursday or Friday evening to enjoy the live Jazz band.	1
Although I usually go out mid-week for lunch, I now make it a habit to stop out Thursday or Friday evening to enjoy the live Jazz band.	14
Out waitress never came back to our table after taking our food orders.	6
Out waitress never came back to our table after taking our food orders.	1
However, after speaking with the manager on the phone for about 15 minutes, the waitress said they couldn't give us any discount but would gladly give us a free pitcher of sangria.	6
However, after speaking with the manager on the phone for about 15 minutes, the waitress said they couldn't give us any discount but would gladly give us a free pitcher of sangria.	1
Our waiter suggested a fantastic Greek wine that was far less expensive then we were willing to spend.	7
Our waiter suggested a fantastic Greek wine that was far less expensive then we were willing to spend.	2
The service is disorganised, no one gave us a menu for 15 mins once we were seated, but after that it went smoothly enough but no where near the stella performance of many half as pretensious restaurants.	3
The service is disorganised, no one gave us a menu for 15 mins once we were seated, but after that it went smoothly enough but no where near the stella performance of many half as pretensious restaurants.	16
The food and the value had been ok on our meal, and then after only a little more than an hour, the check was slipped onto the table for our large party, and a few minutes later, waiters began yelling at us to leave.	2
The food and the value had been ok on our meal, and then after only a little more than an hour, the check was slipped onto the table for our large party, and a few minutes later, waiters began yelling at us to leave.	22
The food and the value had been ok on our meal, and then after only a little more than an hour, the check was slipped onto the table for our large party, and a few minutes later, waiters began yelling at us to leave.	6
sam adams on tap, french fries served out of a brown paper bag and a burger cooked perfectly.	22
sam adams on tap, french fries served out of a brown paper bag and a burger cooked perfectly.	2
When asked to explain the hostess told us she would lose money by seating us instead of them.	6
When asked to explain the hostess told us she would lose money by seating us instead of them.	19
The prices are reasonable but they don't have a sushi lunch.	11
The prices are reasonable but they don't have a sushi lunch.	0
I asked one waitress if I could change tables and she didn't say no outright.	6
I asked one waitress if I could change tables and she didn't say no outright.	19
Food is okay for the price, however there is definitely better thai restaurants!!	2
Food is okay for the price, however there is definitely better thai restaurants!!	10
The whole fish was excellent--not overcooked and served in a light tomato broth.	2
The whole fish was excellent--not overcooked and served in a light tomato broth.	4
After we sat down and started ordering, the waiter informed us that they were really only into serving dinners.	6
After we sat down and started ordering, the waiter informed us that they were really only into serving dinners.	1
) Howver, we didn't expect to be bumped by waiters a few times during our dinner.	6
) Howver, we didn't expect to be bumped by waiters a few times during our dinner.	1
Sat at the bar and orderd a few appetizers, the humus and cheese plates along with some calamari - all very tasty.	19
Sat at the bar and orderd a few appetizers, the humus and cheese plates along with some calamari - all very tasty.	2
I realized that you dont have to wait hours and pay crazy prices for food.	9
I realized that you dont have to wait hours and pay crazy prices for food.	1
On the other hand, the food was good but not awesome as had been described, furthermore I found the portions fairly small for this type of restaurant.	2
On the other hand, the food was good but not awesome as had been described, furthermore I found the portions fairly small for this type of restaurant.	21
After we finished our salad our waitress told us that they had run out of roast lamb and pastitichio.	1
After we finished our salad our waitress told us that they had run out of roast lamb and pastitichio.	6
Upon finishing our meal that same waitress that ignored us, suddenly appeared at our table asking if we needed our check, we were finishing our coffee and drinks, yet she was blatantly trying to get us out so that the table could be turned over.	6
Upon finishing our meal that same waitress that ignored us, suddenly appeared at our table asking if we needed our check, we were finishing our coffee and drinks, yet she was blatantly trying to get us out so that the table could be turned over.	1
I'm also a big fan of the chicken pizza on their new bar menu (no bread - weird, huh?	16
I'm also a big fan of the chicken pizza on their new bar menu (no bread - weird, huh?	0
Although I didn't pay for the meal (and it's about $22 bucks a plate, way over my normal eating range), I have to say that it was better than any food I've ever had in little Italy, and there weren't any touristy elements to be found.	21
Although I didn't pay for the meal (and it's about $22 bucks a plate, way over my normal eating range), I have to say that it was better than any food I've ever had in little Italy, and there weren't any touristy elements to be found.	1
Too bad the food and service aren't nearly as nice as the decor.	1
Too bad the food and service aren't nearly as nice as the decor.	3
Too bad the food and service aren't nearly as nice as the decor.	14
waitress brought different food.	7
waitress brought different food.	0
The ambience was all wrong, the bar opened into the main dining room causing the noise to flow into the room.	12
The ambience was all wrong, the bar opened into the main dining room causing the noise to flow into the room.	19
Bartender seemed cool, so maybe I'd go back for a drink.	8
Bartender seemed cool, so maybe I'd go back for a drink.	1
Our waiter recommended thZt we share a few of the appetizers; they were great.	7
Our waiter recommended thZt we share a few of the appetizers; they were great.	2
In all cases, service is slow but it's not the waiters fault.	3
In all cases, service is slow but it's not the waiters fault.	8
Horrible service, below average cuisine, asked to leave the table before finishing our wine, and forced to have our port at the bar.	3
Horrible service, below average cuisine, asked to leave the table before finishing our wine, and forced to have our port at the bar.	1
Horrible service, below average cuisine, asked to leave the table before finishing our wine, and forced to have our port at the bar.	22
Each dish is carefully prepared and is a tribute to the ingredients being served.	2
Each dish is carefully prepared and is a tribute to the ingredients being served.	13
Each dish is carefully prepared and is a tribute to the ingredients being served.	4
We waited FOREVER for a table and when the appetizers arrived they were cold or frozen in the middle!	22
We waited FOREVER for a table and when the appetizers arrived they were cold or frozen in the middle!	0
Let me count the problems: music so loud it hurt, sticky unclean tables, the waitress took a long time to take our order, and then didn't bring a glass for the beer.	12
Let me count the problems: music so loud it hurt, sticky unclean tables, the waitress took a long time to take our order, and then didn't bring a glass for the beer.	18
Let me count the problems: music so loud it hurt, sticky unclean tables, the waitress took a long time to take our order, and then didn't bring a glass for the beer.	6
Let me count the problems: music so loud it hurt, sticky unclean tables, the waitress took a long time to take our order, and then didn't bring a glass for the beer.	22
Let me count the problems: music so loud it hurt, sticky unclean tables, the waitress took a long time to take our order, and then didn't bring a glass for the beer.	1
I have been back for several dinners and lunchs and especially like the terrace when weather permits.	1
I have been back for several dinners and lunchs and especially like the terrace when weather permits.	23
Best value is the sushi/sashimi lunch combo - get the large for double pieces on sushi!	23
Best value is the sushi/sashimi lunch combo - get the large for double pieces on sushi!	1
Music was blasting (speakers located practically on top of every table), and we asked the waitress if they can turn it down.	12
Music was blasting (speakers located practically on top of every table), and we asked the waitress if they can turn it down.	7
My only quibbles are service - which was confused (we waited 10 minutes for menus), and the wine list, which is over-the-top expensive.	3
My only quibbles are service - which was confused (we waited 10 minutes for menus), and the wine list, which is over-the-top expensive.	16
My only quibbles are service - which was confused (we waited 10 minutes for menus), and the wine list, which is over-the-top expensive.	0
food is heaven  we were greeted by the hostess and sat down immediatly the space was very crowded and and we decided to order drinks promptly food can wait.	8
food is heaven  we were greeted by the hostess and sat down immediatly the space was very crowded and and we decided to order drinks promptly food can wait.	1
With one drink each, apps, entrees, and three desserts (nothing great) the bill came to $200 for four.	0
With one drink each, apps, entrees, and three desserts (nothing great) the bill came to $200 for four.	10
Part of the charm is in the earnest service; part of it is the colorful clientele; but the real charm comes from what emerges from the kitchen.	5
Part of the charm is in the earnest service; part of it is the colorful clientele; but the real charm comes from what emerges from the kitchen.	2
Part of the charm is in the earnest service; part of it is the colorful clientele; but the real charm comes from what emerges from the kitchen.	19
the wait staff looks like were doing us a favor giving us service and two loud guys at the bar made my evening with my wife quiet miserable.	6
the wait staff looks like were doing us a favor giving us service and two loud guys at the bar made my evening with my wife quiet miserable.	4
the wait staff looks like were doing us a favor giving us service and two loud guys at the bar made my evening with my wife quiet miserable.	19
The waitress encouraged to come for dinner and brunch, and I followed her recommandation.	8
The waitress encouraged to come for dinner and brunch, and I followed her recommandation.	1
Not being familiar with Vietnamese cuisine, we found the menu descriptions very helpful.	1
Not being familiar with Vietnamese cuisine, we found the menu descriptions very helpful.	17
i had the smallest martini, which the waiter spilled part of.	1
i had the smallest martini, which the waiter spilled part of.	6
To sum it up, the steak is indeed the best out there, but the servers and especially the hosts are big time jerks.	2
To sum it up, the steak is indeed the best out there, but the servers and especially the hosts are big time jerks.	6
Patrons can choose to be seated in the front room with a little more activity and more of a bar feel or in one of the 2 back rooms which both offer slightly quieter, more relaxed environments.	19
Patrons can choose to be seated in the front room with a little more activity and more of a bar feel or in one of the 2 back rooms which both offer slightly quieter, more relaxed environments.	14
For dinner we decided to take our servers advice and order several items to share.	1
For dinner we decided to take our servers advice and order several items to share.	8
He prepares the most authentic dishes, I guess that's why the bar is usually filled with Japanese.	2
He prepares the most authentic dishes, I guess that's why the bar is usually filled with Japanese.	19
The Scene Superfine is an easygoing, instantly appreciable neighborhood hangout that boasts a kitchen staff armed with serious cooking chops.	23
The Scene Superfine is an easygoing, instantly appreciable neighborhood hangout that boasts a kitchen staff armed with serious cooking chops.	7
The Scene Superfine is an easygoing, instantly appreciable neighborhood hangout that boasts a kitchen staff armed with serious cooking chops.	2
We waited for 1 hour each time the waitress came over to our table.	6
We waited for 1 hour each time the waitress came over to our table.	22
On my last visit we arrived around 9 on a Saturday, and although it wasn't crowded, the waitress acted like we were inconveniencing her, forgot bread, drinks, etc.	6
On my last visit we arrived around 9 on a Saturday, and although it wasn't crowded, the waitress acted like we were inconveniencing her, forgot bread, drinks, etc.	1
When we arrived, our table wasn't ready and we waited 30 minutes in the bar.	21
When we arrived, our table wasn't ready and we waited 30 minutes in the bar.	19
Our waiter snubbed us when we asked if there was dessert (there wasn't), and my meal would have been the same price had it not been restaurant week.	6
Our waiter snubbed us when we asked if there was dessert (there wasn't), and my meal would have been the same price had it not been restaurant week.	1
Our waiter snubbed us when we asked if there was dessert (there wasn't), and my meal would have been the same price had it not been restaurant week.	10
Actually she want to eat sushi, but their staff reject to serve it.	1
Actually she want to eat sushi, but their staff reject to serve it.	6
26 seats also has the most reasonable prices in NYC, it is a true gem.	22
26 seats also has the most reasonable prices in NYC, it is a true gem.	11
For entrees, the Ground Lamb in Spicy Sauce (can't remember the name on the menu) was perfectly cooked and had just enough kick for the average person.	2
For entrees, the Ground Lamb in Spicy Sauce (can't remember the name on the menu) was perfectly cooked and had just enough kick for the average person.	16
The best tasting pizza by far, a long long wait for service but well worth it.	2
The best tasting pizza by far, a long long wait for service but well worth it.	3
Tony's gone, sadly Ernie's passed on and now the waiters have corn rows and less finish to their chosen profession but it still maintains it's class and place as a brooklyn landmark.	6
Tony's gone, sadly Ernie's passed on and now the waiters have corn rows and less finish to their chosen profession but it still maintains it's class and place as a brooklyn landmark.	1
The waitress took our menu away, without taking our food order!	6
The waitress took our menu away, without taking our food order!	16
The waitress took our menu away, without taking our food order!	1
We told the waitress a few more were coming and ordered drinks.	6
We told the waitress a few more were coming and ordered drinks.	1
One time the waitress left in the middle of our dinner.	6
One time the waitress left in the middle of our dinner.	1
There is no waiting area, so we had a crowd hovering over our table, this is just testament to how many people want to eat there.	18
There is no waiting area, so we had a crowd hovering over our table, this is just testament to how many people want to eat there.	22
My dining experience with friends started off very badly - 40 minute wait WITH a reservation and having to repeatedly ask for bread and water - but ended on a better note.	0
My dining experience with friends started off very badly - 40 minute wait WITH a reservation and having to repeatedly ask for bread and water - but ended on a better note.	4
My dining experience with friends started off very badly - 40 minute wait WITH a reservation and having to repeatedly ask for bread and water - but ended on a better note.	22
We have been waiting for months for a 8pm reservation at this very average restaurant.	3
We have been waiting for months for a 8pm reservation at this very average restaurant.	22
the best thing is the atmosphere, but even that is overshadowed by the lack of taste and originality in the food.	14
the best thing is the atmosphere, but even that is overshadowed by the lack of taste and originality in the food.	0
I dined at Belleville and my meal was distrupted by the manager yelling at the wait staff in the middle of the dining room.	1
I dined at Belleville and my meal was distrupted by the manager yelling at the wait staff in the middle of the dining room.	6
I dined at Belleville and my meal was distrupted by the manager yelling at the wait staff in the middle of the dining room.	19
For fun on the run, sip a mojito at the bar while a portrait of the Virgin Mary bizarrely watches over you.	2
For fun on the run, sip a mojito at the bar while a portrait of the Virgin Mary bizarrely watches over you.	19
Seated by a moody hostess and presented a menu that included live food-samples.	6
Seated by a moody hostess and presented a menu that included live food-samples.	16
For the price and quality of the food we got, I would not dine here again.	9
For the price and quality of the food we got, I would not dine here again.	21
For the price and quality of the food we got, I would not dine here again.	1
Our server didn't have the sommelier stop by when we were trying to decide on wines, he never brought the bread we requested and didn't crack a smile the whole evening until he saw that I was paying the tab when he suddenly became nicer.	6
Our server didn't have the sommelier stop by when we were trying to decide on wines, he never brought the bread we requested and didn't crack a smile the whole evening until he saw that I was paying the tab when he suddenly became nicer.	1
I like how the ambiance changes from the cafeteria style of lunch to a sit down dinner in romantic lighting.	14
I like how the ambiance changes from the cafeteria style of lunch to a sit down dinner in romantic lighting.	22
I like how the ambiance changes from the cafeteria style of lunch to a sit down dinner in romantic lighting.	1
Mostly, this small restaurant offers eggs, hot sandwiches and traditional American platters.	1
Mostly, this small restaurant offers eggs, hot sandwiches and traditional American platters.	23
The Scene The bar's upbeat Latin music, colorful stools and cocktail napkins, and a fruity drink menu are the first confirmations that Agozar lives up to its translation: A good time.	22
The Scene The bar's upbeat Latin music, colorful stools and cocktail napkins, and a fruity drink menu are the first confirmations that Agozar lives up to its translation: A good time.	19
The Scene The bar's upbeat Latin music, colorful stools and cocktail napkins, and a fruity drink menu are the first confirmations that Agozar lives up to its translation: A good time.	2
The Scene The bar's upbeat Latin music, colorful stools and cocktail napkins, and a fruity drink menu are the first confirmations that Agozar lives up to its translation: A good time.	17
The two vegetarian dishes on the menu were just an afterthought--why did they even bother?	1
The two vegetarian dishes on the menu were just an afterthought--why did they even bother?	17
He was not accommodating at all and the handful of dishes I sampled that night failed to compare to anything you would find elsewhere in the city for less than half the price.	1
He was not accommodating at all and the handful of dishes I sampled that night failed to compare to anything you would find elsewhere in the city for less than half the price.	11
At first I was shocked by the price, but the excellent and friendly service from our waiter Jack was great and the duck salad was the best ever.	9
At first I was shocked by the price, but the excellent and friendly service from our waiter Jack was great and the duck salad was the best ever.	5
At first I was shocked by the price, but the excellent and friendly service from our waiter Jack was great and the duck salad was the best ever.	8
At first I was shocked by the price, but the excellent and friendly service from our waiter Jack was great and the duck salad was the best ever.	2
The menu features such sumptuous fare as lobster ravioli in a light aurora sauce, double-cut grilled veal chop with an aromatic salsa verde, and octopus salad with steamed potato, red onions, and caper berries.	16
The menu features such sumptuous fare as lobster ravioli in a light aurora sauce, double-cut grilled veal chop with an aromatic salsa verde, and octopus salad with steamed potato, red onions, and caper berries.	11
The menu features such sumptuous fare as lobster ravioli in a light aurora sauce, double-cut grilled veal chop with an aromatic salsa verde, and octopus salad with steamed potato, red onions, and caper berries.	1
At the end of the meal the manager stopped by and said dessert was on her.	1
At the end of the meal the manager stopped by and said dessert was on her.	8
Came here for a b-day and ended up waiting so long even for a reservation.	3
Came here for a b-day and ended up waiting so long even for a reservation.	22
I would say that the atmosphere was nothing amazing, I didn't feel like the authenticity of the history of the place was nearly as prevelant as it could have been in the experience.	14
I would say that the atmosphere was nothing amazing, I didn't feel like the authenticity of the history of the place was nearly as prevelant as it could have been in the experience.	19
Our server never bothered to inquire as to whether or not we wanted coffee.	6
Our server never bothered to inquire as to whether or not we wanted coffee.	1
The hostess finally seated us at a table for two when there were three of us in an empty restaurant.	6
The hostess finally seated us at a table for two when there were three of us in an empty restaurant.	22
i think friends coffee shop makes great food the service is great and they are very poilte i think that they should open more because there the best food store i ever ate from the food is addicting and you cant stop eating because it so delious.	1
i think friends coffee shop makes great food the service is great and they are very poilte i think that they should open more because there the best food store i ever ate from the food is addicting and you cant stop eating because it so delious.	5
But Bobby Flay really steps up at Bar Americain--his passion and heart shine through the food.	19
But Bobby Flay really steps up at Bar Americain--his passion and heart shine through the food.	2
The ravioli was the better of the two, but the serving was tiny, and the skin a bit rubbery.	2
The ravioli was the better of the two, but the serving was tiny, and the skin a bit rubbery.	3
I didn't even have time to finish my single cocktail and the waiter didn't even ask if we wanted coffee but instead, gave us our check without us even requesting it.	1
I didn't even have time to finish my single cocktail and the waiter didn't even ask if we wanted coffee but instead, gave us our check without us even requesting it.	6
It was somewhere between our waiter not knowing what sushi came as part of the tasting platter and the copious amounts of wine that he spilt while trying to pour me a taste that I realized.	6
It was somewhere between our waiter not knowing what sushi came as part of the tasting platter and the copious amounts of wine that he spilt while trying to pour me a taste that I realized.	1
But the karaoke downstairs is the real draw: You and your friends can sing yourself silly in absolute privacy, for nothing more than the cost of dinner and drinks.	2
But the karaoke downstairs is the real draw: You and your friends can sing yourself silly in absolute privacy, for nothing more than the cost of dinner and drinks.	10
after booking reservations at Danube, only to show up and not have any tables available, the Danube somelier graciously called over to Bouley and got us a table for immediate seating.	22
after booking reservations at Danube, only to show up and not have any tables available, the Danube somelier graciously called over to Bouley and got us a table for immediate seating.	18
The owner and his sister make you feel like you've been invited over to their house for dinner.	8
The owner and his sister make you feel like you've been invited over to their house for dinner.	1
we all liked the brunch items we had but when we later asked if the chips were supposed to come with the meal, the waitress explained it away by saying sometimes they forget instead of apologizing and offering something extra.	2
we all liked the brunch items we had but when we later asked if the chips were supposed to come with the meal, the waitress explained it away by saying sometimes they forget instead of apologizing and offering something extra.	6
In the winter they have the fireplaces working which immediately creates a cozy romantic feel.	19
In the winter they have the fireplaces working which immediately creates a cozy romantic feel.	23
The service was horrible- the 'manager' took my our order - did not write it down- and two of us were given the wrong apps and or entrees.	3
The service was horrible- the 'manager' took my our order - did not write it down- and two of us were given the wrong apps and or entrees.	1
On the menu says Free delivery (Minimun order $10) but I was charged a couple of dollars on both opportunities.	16
On the menu says Free delivery (Minimun order $10) but I was charged a couple of dollars on both opportunities.	5
While the recently added outdoor seating was what drew me and my friend to the restaurant, the food, service and overall experience were what drove us out!	19
While the recently added outdoor seating was what drew me and my friend to the restaurant, the food, service and overall experience were what drove us out!	3
The next thing we know, the bartender comes over and says (and I quote verbatim), I already gave you two beers (which he hadn't).	6
The next thing we know, the bartender comes over and says (and I quote verbatim), I already gave you two beers (which he hadn't).	1
Call it a bar with weak but tasty sangria and leave it at that.	19
Call it a bar with weak but tasty sangria and leave it at that.	2
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.	23
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.	5
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.	1
The simple menu focuses on standard pies and chicken-centric specialty pizzas--the Hawaiian BBQ, BBQ chicken, and bacon and chicken club--each topped with fresh ingredients like baby portobello mushrooms and roma tomatoes.	16
The simple menu focuses on standard pies and chicken-centric specialty pizzas--the Hawaiian BBQ, BBQ chicken, and bacon and chicken club--each topped with fresh ingredients like baby portobello mushrooms and roma tomatoes.	2
After some good food and spotty service, my friends and I were surprised to get a bill that had a 20% tip included post-tax.	5
After some good food and spotty service, my friends and I were surprised to get a bill that had a 20% tip included post-tax.	10
The food is simply remarkable as is the fiery female master sommelier!	2
The food is simply remarkable as is the fiery female master sommelier!	7
The waitress interrupted us halfway through our meal to say that if we wanted dessert we had to order it then, because the kitchen wanted to close.	6
The waitress interrupted us halfway through our meal to say that if we wanted dessert we had to order it then, because the kitchen wanted to close.	1
My friend and I enjoyed choosing from a very diverse menu of appetizers and entrees.	17
My friend and I enjoyed choosing from a very diverse menu of appetizers and entrees.	1
The space was so fantastic that once we heard they were serving dinner we decided to go one night and try it out.	20
The space was so fantastic that once we heard they were serving dinner we decided to go one night and try it out.	1
The wait staff had good recommendations and when i broke a wine glass, they reacted in a way to put me out of my embarrassment quickly and even filled me a new glass of wine.	8
The wait staff had good recommendations and when i broke a wine glass, they reacted in a way to put me out of my embarrassment quickly and even filled me a new glass of wine.	1
If you can get service, you might enjoy the surroundings- especially the upstairs lounge.	4
If you can get service, you might enjoy the surroundings- especially the upstairs lounge.	20
Waiter brought white instead of red wine.	6
Waiter brought white instead of red wine.	1
After the wonderful anipasto tray came, it was 60 minutes before our plates were removed and dinner was brought.	2
After the wonderful anipasto tray came, it was 60 minutes before our plates were removed and dinner was brought.	22
An unpretentious sexy atmosphere lends itself to the above average wine-list and a menu that can stand-up to any other restaurant in NewYork City (or Paris).	14
An unpretentious sexy atmosphere lends itself to the above average wine-list and a menu that can stand-up to any other restaurant in NewYork City (or Paris).	16
I for one do not plan to go back, there are many other places in Manhattan that have just as good food if not better, at the same prices with much better service.	2
I for one do not plan to go back, there are many other places in Manhattan that have just as good food if not better, at the same prices with much better service.	10
I for one do not plan to go back, there are many other places in Manhattan that have just as good food if not better, at the same prices with much better service.	5
The decor there is nothing special, though somehow the service manages to deal with the large crowds in an efficient, friendly manner.	12
The decor there is nothing special, though somehow the service manages to deal with the large crowds in an efficient, friendly manner.	5
I've since been back for a regular dining night out, it was packed and I should have made a reservation (the wait was a little long).	1
I've since been back for a regular dining night out, it was packed and I should have made a reservation (the wait was a little long).	22
I've since been back for a regular dining night out, it was packed and I should have made a reservation (the wait was a little long).	3
one of us still had wine, so the others tried to order dessert drinks, but the owner told us no because there were people waiting and the waiter said if he served us more he would be fired.	1
one of us still had wine, so the others tried to order dessert drinks, but the owner told us no because there were people waiting and the waiter said if he served us more he would be fired.	6
one of us still had wine, so the others tried to order dessert drinks, but the owner told us no because there were people waiting and the waiter said if he served us more he would be fired.	4
When we sat, our dinner was delivered promplty (Like FAST) and we had plenty of time to make The Goat, which by the way I also recommend highly (Great Show!	2
When we sat, our dinner was delivered promplty (Like FAST) and we had plenty of time to make The Goat, which by the way I also recommend highly (Great Show!	22
you may have to wait a bit for service but you will not be disappointed with the food.	3
you may have to wait a bit for service but you will not be disappointed with the food.	2
The fondue was good, but not worth the very expensive price tag.	2
The fondue was good, but not worth the very expensive price tag.	9
We were hassled about seating by our waiter who seemed at the end of his pony-tail, so we opted for the bar, quaintly decorated with giant fly strips.	6
We were hassled about seating by our waiter who seemed at the end of his pony-tail, so we opted for the bar, quaintly decorated with giant fly strips.	19
When we first walked in, we saw other diners wiping their plates with bread- so we though that the food was good -but we very soon realized that the portions really were so small that you really have to lick your plate clean - afterall, their dinners costs a fortune.	2
When we first walked in, we saw other diners wiping their plates with bread- so we though that the food was good -but we very soon realized that the portions really were so small that you really have to lick your plate clean - afterall, their dinners costs a fortune.	21
When our turn came to get in, we were told that the place was full due to the Labor Day weekend and we could not get inside unless we bought a 200$ bottle of vodka.	18
When our turn came to get in, we were told that the place was full due to the Labor Day weekend and we could not get inside unless we bought a 200$ bottle of vodka.	1
South American additions to the menu, like perfectly fried green plantains and garlicky pork, are uniformly successful.	16
South American additions to the menu, like perfectly fried green plantains and garlicky pork, are uniformly successful.	2
The waiter did not take a drink order from us.	6
The waiter did not take a drink order from us.	1
I went there about three times, one for dinner on a sunday evening which is a salsa night after dinning, the service was slow and a bit rude, the plates average some shrimp octopus and empanadas.	1
I went there about three times, one for dinner on a sunday evening which is a salsa night after dinning, the service was slow and a bit rude, the plates average some shrimp octopus and empanadas.	3
Get some drinks and listen to the free live music.	1
Get some drinks and listen to the free live music.	14
I've been here several times for Sunday brunch now - (note: it helps if you're a late riser as I find the wait is always reasonable if you show up after 3pm).	1
I've been here several times for Sunday brunch now - (note: it helps if you're a late riser as I find the wait is always reasonable if you show up after 3pm).	5
hard to work a buzz with the server taking so long between every round, but worth trying the signature african rum cocktail and happily surprised they had our favorite white - sancerre by the glass at this japanese restaurant.	6
hard to work a buzz with the server taking so long between every round, but worth trying the signature african rum cocktail and happily surprised they had our favorite white - sancerre by the glass at this japanese restaurant.	22
Why would anyone ever go here when the same food (and menu) is double the price of Baba and Jaya in Chinatown.	1
Why would anyone ever go here when the same food (and menu) is double the price of Baba and Jaya in Chinatown.	16
Why would anyone ever go here when the same food (and menu) is double the price of Baba and Jaya in Chinatown.	9
While we were trying to have dinner, all of the waiters spent their time playing with spilled milk at the counter, not paying any attention to the diners.	1
While we were trying to have dinner, all of the waiters spent their time playing with spilled milk at the counter, not paying any attention to the diners.	6
While we were trying to have dinner, all of the waiters spent their time playing with spilled milk at the counter, not paying any attention to the diners.	19
After confronting the counter clerck he assured me the soups would stay warm as long as I wasn't walking 20 minutes to my destination.	19
After confronting the counter clerck he assured me the soups would stay warm as long as I wasn't walking 20 minutes to my destination.	2
(they should if you are willing to spend $400 on dinner) if the owner of this restaurant saw how the staff was acting he would fire ALL of them.	1
(they should if you are willing to spend $400 on dinner) if the owner of this restaurant saw how the staff was acting he would fire ALL of them.	6
Sushi is consistently fresh, service pleasant Sushi rice is a bit hard.	5
Sushi is consistently fresh, service pleasant Sushi rice is a bit hard.	0
One example, I ordered an appetizer that was not prepared as the menu stated and had to argue with waitress to get it fixed.	1
One example, I ordered an appetizer that was not prepared as the menu stated and had to argue with waitress to get it fixed.	16
One example, I ordered an appetizer that was not prepared as the menu stated and had to argue with waitress to get it fixed.	6
We ask the waiter where's the chocolate?	6
We ask the waiter where's the chocolate?	1
Usually you lose food quality the trendier you go, but not at this place.	0
Usually you lose food quality the trendier you go, but not at this place.	22
The food was good but not worth the price.	2
The food was good but not worth the price.	9
It is not a very stylish place, but we had some of the best Chinese food we ever had.	18
It is not a very stylish place, but we had some of the best Chinese food we ever had.	2
Aged beef charred on the outside, red on the inside.	0
Aged beef charred on the outside, red on the inside.	22
The bar had a hip DJ and the crowd was ultra chic.	19
The bar had a hip DJ and the crowd was ultra chic.	8
The bar had a hip DJ and the crowd was ultra chic.	23
A cute restaurant and average food (with a small menu).	1
A cute restaurant and average food (with a small menu).	15
The waiter never came by to check on us after the bus boy brought us our food.	6
The waiter never came by to check on us after the bus boy brought us our food.	1
The waitstaff is nice, but is pushy and seemed irritated when we did not order an a la carte side vegetable (we already had a cheese plate, appetizers and ordered 2 entrees).	1
The waitstaff is nice, but is pushy and seemed irritated when we did not order an a la carte side vegetable (we already had a cheese plate, appetizers and ordered 2 entrees).	8
Our waiter took our drink orders and never came back!	6
Our waiter took our drink orders and never came back!	1
After a show we had surperb steaks and had cocktails at the bar.	2
After a show we had surperb steaks and had cocktails at the bar.	19
The new server we had was surprisingly well-versed on the menu and gave really solid service.	8
The new server we had was surprisingly well-versed on the menu and gave really solid service.	16
The new server we had was surprisingly well-versed on the menu and gave really solid service.	5
The menu was small, but the food delicious.	15
The menu was small, but the food delicious.	2
the solitary waitress was friendly though i found her service a little slow.	8
the solitary waitress was friendly though i found her service a little slow.	3
Our waiter didn't know the menu or the ingredients.	6
Our waiter didn't know the menu or the ingredients.	16
Our waiter didn't know the menu or the ingredients.	13
Later in the evening after our meal we finally found the real owner behind the bar of the restaurant and explained to him the situation which he had been made aware of by the waitress.	1
Later in the evening after our meal we finally found the real owner behind the bar of the restaurant and explained to him the situation which he had been made aware of by the waitress.	6
Later in the evening after our meal we finally found the real owner behind the bar of the restaurant and explained to him the situation which he had been made aware of by the waitress.	19
The bar was so crowded there was no point in ordering a drink, and when we were finally seated we got no service at all for 20 minutes.	3
The bar was so crowded there was no point in ordering a drink, and when we were finally seated we got no service at all for 20 minutes.	1
We politely asked our server for the regular menu, but were told that for large parties they could only offer us the banquet menu (would have gone elsewhere had we known).	6
We politely asked our server for the regular menu, but were told that for large parties they could only offer us the banquet menu (would have gone elsewhere had we known).	16
The Scene Service bustles through the energetic, sprawling space with the precision of expert merengue dancers, and everyone else goes along with the flow suggested by the tall, curving ceilings.	4
The Scene Service bustles through the energetic, sprawling space with the precision of expert merengue dancers, and everyone else goes along with the flow suggested by the tall, curving ceilings.	20
The ambience is diner-like and the wait staff is rushed, but at these prices, I can't complain.	14
The ambience is diner-like and the wait staff is rushed, but at these prices, I can't complain.	6
The ambience is diner-like and the wait staff is rushed, but at these prices, I can't complain.	11
But the place is so great that patrons don't mind waiting outside rather than go to another restaurant which you can find at least 10 in short walking distance.	20
But the place is so great that patrons don't mind waiting outside rather than go to another restaurant which you can find at least 10 in short walking distance.	4
Then the menu is all in Italian well I don't speak Italian so it took forever for the waitress to translate.	16
Then the menu is all in Italian well I don't speak Italian so it took forever for the waitress to translate.	6
It's really great to go in here and be able to get a creative cheap drink (they have things like blueberry mohitos for $4), a $4 plate of veggie spring rolls, and be able to joke with the bartender.	2
It's really great to go in here and be able to get a creative cheap drink (they have things like blueberry mohitos for $4), a $4 plate of veggie spring rolls, and be able to joke with the bartender.	7
After waiting for 90 minutes, the host gave away our table to a couple who arrived after us.	3
After waiting for 90 minutes, the host gave away our table to a couple who arrived after us.	7
After waiting for 90 minutes, the host gave away our table to a couple who arrived after us.	22
We started with some drinks on the front porch and then continued at our table with a bottle of delicious red wine.	22
We started with some drinks on the front porch and then continued at our table with a bottle of delicious red wine.	2
They need to expand the menu some, and offer additional toppings for the pizza.	16
They need to expand the menu some, and offer additional toppings for the pizza.	2
Its two massive rooms are frequented predominantly by Greeks who chow down on traditional mezze--spinach pie, feta cheese and stuffed grape leaves--and entrees--kebabs, sandwiches and pasta dishes.	20
Its two massive rooms are frequented predominantly by Greeks who chow down on traditional mezze--spinach pie, feta cheese and stuffed grape leaves--and entrees--kebabs, sandwiches and pasta dishes.	1
(They even let us bring our own cake for the event, which many restaurants may not allow you too) They food was good as I only sampled so I can't really comment.	2
(They even let us bring our own cake for the event, which many restaurants may not allow you too) They food was good as I only sampled so I can't really comment.	22
I asked the waiter about the vintages of the wines, to which he replied, I don't know, probably 2003/2004.	6
I asked the waiter about the vintages of the wines, to which he replied, I don't know, probably 2003/2004.	1
The filet was NOT on the menu, but my friend had the bouillabaisse, which he found delicious.	16
The filet was NOT on the menu, but my friend had the bouillabaisse, which he found delicious.	2
We tried explaining nicely to them that we were just finishing up a drink, and after a brief, unprofessional discussion with the two waiters, they told us never to come back again.	1
We tried explaining nicely to them that we were just finishing up a drink, and after a brief, unprofessional discussion with the two waiters, they told us never to come back again.	6
A friend of mine and I bumped into this restaurant last week and it didn't look like any special place on the outside, but when we looked at the menu we decided to give it a try.	18
A friend of mine and I bumped into this restaurant last week and it didn't look like any special place on the outside, but when we looked at the menu we decided to give it a try.	16
The desserts were both essentially the same, and the service was on the slow side.	1
The desserts were both essentially the same, and the service was on the slow side.	3
For Manhattanites like us that are used to pretentious attitudes and expensive tabs, this place is definitely a nice change from the rest of the meatpacking district.	3
For Manhattanites like us that are used to pretentious attitudes and expensive tabs, this place is definitely a nice change from the rest of the meatpacking district.	19
Althought the menu is more expensive than your average Mexican restaurant, it is not more expensive than any other hip, increadibly well designed, bar scene and dining room in Manhattan -could be less in fact.	16
Althought the menu is more expensive than your average Mexican restaurant, it is not more expensive than any other hip, increadibly well designed, bar scene and dining room in Manhattan -could be less in fact.	23
Althought the menu is more expensive than your average Mexican restaurant, it is not more expensive than any other hip, increadibly well designed, bar scene and dining room in Manhattan -could be less in fact.	19
Tried it again for brunch, when the service was worse.	1
Tried it again for brunch, when the service was worse.	3
The manager sent us a complimentary glass of wine for the steak not being cooked like he wanted.	6
The manager sent us a complimentary glass of wine for the steak not being cooked like he wanted.	1
I guess if you order the chef's tasting menu, which is a seven course meal with an optional wine matching for $125pp then your tummy will be well satisfied.	7
I guess if you order the chef's tasting menu, which is a seven course meal with an optional wine matching for $125pp then your tummy will be well satisfied.	17
It is expensice, but the portions are big and include a side, salad, nan and rice along with your main meal!	23
It is expensice, but the portions are big and include a side, salad, nan and rice along with your main meal!	1
We explained that we had left a standard 15% on food, and a slightly smaller percentage on alcohol (At least 10%).	1
We explained that we had left a standard 15% on food, and a slightly smaller percentage on alcohol (At least 10%).	21
We weren't sure we'd even get a table,surprisingly the lovely hostess assured us she'd get us in if we gave her 15 minutes in the bar.	22
We weren't sure we'd even get a table,surprisingly the lovely hostess assured us she'd get us in if we gave her 15 minutes in the bar.	8
We weren't sure we'd even get a table,surprisingly the lovely hostess assured us she'd get us in if we gave her 15 minutes in the bar.	19
If it's atmosphere you want go to the River Cafe under the bridges and pay an arm and a leg for hospital-type food.	13
If it's atmosphere you want go to the River Cafe under the bridges and pay an arm and a leg for hospital-type food.	0
Even with our reservation, they had us waiting at the bar for over an hour.	22
Even with our reservation, they had us waiting at the bar for over an hour.	3
Even with our reservation, they had us waiting at the bar for over an hour.	19
Perhaps it's early and they will improve but service is VERY slow - took a good 25min for waiter to take our order on both visits and the second time I was one of three tables at a 5:30pm reservation so not like it was busy.	3
Perhaps it's early and they will improve but service is VERY slow - took a good 25min for waiter to take our order on both visits and the second time I was one of three tables at a 5:30pm reservation so not like it was busy.	6
Perhaps it's early and they will improve but service is VERY slow - took a good 25min for waiter to take our order on both visits and the second time I was one of three tables at a 5:30pm reservation so not like it was busy.	19
Perhaps it's early and they will improve but service is VERY slow - took a good 25min for waiter to take our order on both visits and the second time I was one of three tables at a 5:30pm reservation so not like it was busy.	22
The menu is limited so I opted for the jalapeno potato soup and a romaine salad.	15
The menu is limited so I opted for the jalapeno potato soup and a romaine salad.	1
was yelling at the rest of the waitstaff audibly enough that I was able to follow his entire tirade from where I sat in the secondary dining room.	6
was yelling at the rest of the waitstaff audibly enough that I was able to follow his entire tirade from where I sat in the secondary dining room.	19
Ive personally tried almost everything on the menu and been amazed at the quality and presentation.	16
Ive personally tried almost everything on the menu and been amazed at the quality and presentation.	23
My friend was looking forward to her favorite dish on the menu had made reservations for the 14 of us a few weeks beforehand.	2
My friend was looking forward to her favorite dish on the menu had made reservations for the 14 of us a few weeks beforehand.	16
It's cheesy, great herbs,good bread and large slices But it's in a very dirty area, good for take out and bring it home kind of place.	2
It's cheesy, great herbs,good bread and large slices But it's in a very dirty area, good for take out and bring it home kind of place.	18
The downside is that perhaps due to rice's eclectic nature, the chef has trouble cooking any single type to perfection.	1
The downside is that perhaps due to rice's eclectic nature, the chef has trouble cooking any single type to perfection.	6
By the time you get to the table, it'll have been WELL worth the wait.	22
By the time you get to the table, it'll have been WELL worth the wait.	5
The steak is brought to the table soaked in grease.	0
The steak is brought to the table soaked in grease.	22
I lived next door and loved to go down for a drink at their uplit marble bar under the beautiful lighting or sit by the fireplace when the live band is not playing.	19
I lived next door and loved to go down for a drink at their uplit marble bar under the beautiful lighting or sit by the fireplace when the live band is not playing.	14
As if the 2 hour wait wasn't bad enough, the host/manager was so busy flirting with attractive female customers, he didn't seem to notice we had been sitting at the bar and we ended up missing his call.	6
As if the 2 hour wait wasn't bad enough, the host/manager was so busy flirting with attractive female customers, he didn't seem to notice we had been sitting at the bar and we ended up missing his call.	19
17 for a small cup of tea.	21
17 for a small cup of tea.	1
the kimchi and other sides were off, the rice had red bean mixed in, and the waitress gave us a double order of the bulgogi instead of two single orders of different meats.	1
the kimchi and other sides were off, the rice had red bean mixed in, and the waitress gave us a double order of the bulgogi instead of two single orders of different meats.	6
After being seated took our waiter 10 mintues to get us a menu, 15 minutes to come back for our order, by the time we finally got our food it was almost 1 1/2 hour since getting there.	6
After being seated took our waiter 10 mintues to get us a menu, 15 minutes to come back for our order, by the time we finally got our food it was almost 1 1/2 hour since getting there.	16
After being seated took our waiter 10 mintues to get us a menu, 15 minutes to come back for our order, by the time we finally got our food it was almost 1 1/2 hour since getting there.	1
After waiting forty minutes for our brunch, learned that the waitress had -- oops!	1
After waiting forty minutes for our brunch, learned that the waitress had -- oops!	6
Teenie weenie overpriced appetizers were served at an agonizingly slow pace, one at a time 30 minutes between each.	0
Teenie weenie overpriced appetizers were served at an agonizingly slow pace, one at a time 30 minutes between each.	4
the staff prefers to watch TV in the main dining room infront of their waiting customers then serve their customers.	6
the staff prefers to watch TV in the main dining room infront of their waiting customers then serve their customers.	19
Perhaps I chose the wrong place, not fully appreciating that another reviewer's remark that diners here won't be rushed could translate to my timely-arrived party having to wait 'til 9:50PM to be seated for a 9PM Saturday reservation.	18
Perhaps I chose the wrong place, not fully appreciating that another reviewer's remark that diners here won't be rushed could translate to my timely-arrived party having to wait 'til 9:50PM to be seated for a 9PM Saturday reservation.	10
), but our waiter was had a horrible attitude, couldn't remember to bring lemon for our water, or soy sauce for our sushi rolls, the food was wonderful, but unfortunately the service ruined our visit.	6
), but our waiter was had a horrible attitude, couldn't remember to bring lemon for our water, or soy sauce for our sushi rolls, the food was wonderful, but unfortunately the service ruined our visit.	2
I have never tried anything else on the menu the burgers are so good.	16
I have never tried anything else on the menu the burgers are so good.	2
I had one of the worst service experiences in memory having the prix fix brunch there--waving arms, calling, asking two or three times for everything from coffee to the check.	3
I had one of the worst service experiences in memory having the prix fix brunch there--waving arms, calling, asking two or three times for everything from coffee to the check.	1
We wouldn't bother quibbling over the price of a few drinks anyway but I wonder why they would offer if they weren't intending to back it up.	9
We wouldn't bother quibbling over the price of a few drinks anyway but I wonder why they would offer if they weren't intending to back it up.	1
Finally, the manager had the audacity to lock the doors, presumably to prevent us from skipping out on the bill, while one of our friends went to an ATM to get cash.	6
Finally, the manager had the audacity to lock the doors, presumably to prevent us from skipping out on the bill, while one of our friends went to an ATM to get cash.	22
And for families they have high chairs and waiters were really nice to my kid.	22
And for families they have high chairs and waiters were really nice to my kid.	8
The service sucks every time, but the food is usually tasty, even though the menu leans toward the boring and expected of French fare.	3
The service sucks every time, but the food is usually tasty, even though the menu leans toward the boring and expected of French fare.	2
Then, we discovered that not ordering guacamole for your table is tantamount to asking the wait staff to roll their eyes at you and then ignore you during your entire meal (I had to eventually go to the front of the restaurant to ask for our check).	1
Then, we discovered that not ordering guacamole for your table is tantamount to asking the wait staff to roll their eyes at you and then ignore you during your entire meal (I had to eventually go to the front of the restaurant to ask for our check).	6
Their main chef Louie, makes the oddest specials you will ever see and the portions are quite large.	7
Their main chef Louie, makes the oddest specials you will ever see and the portions are quite large.	23
The wait staff were incredibly attentive, though as a warning, if you like wine, but also a little privacy, this might not be a good idea, since they have the tendency to hover a bit.	8
The wait staff were incredibly attentive, though as a warning, if you like wine, but also a little privacy, this might not be a good idea, since they have the tendency to hover a bit.	2
The wait staff were incredibly attentive, though as a warning, if you like wine, but also a little privacy, this might not be a good idea, since they have the tendency to hover a bit.	22
The waiter brought us the desert menu, and when we refused asked if we were really sure we didn't want anything.	6
The waiter brought us the desert menu, and when we refused asked if we were really sure we didn't want anything.	16
The service was average - the waiter did not check in on our meals and did not even refill the water, but was a bit pushy on desert (we both ordered schnapps).	3
The service was average - the waiter did not check in on our meals and did not even refill the water, but was a bit pushy on desert (we both ordered schnapps).	6
The service was average - the waiter did not check in on our meals and did not even refill the water, but was a bit pushy on desert (we both ordered schnapps).	1
When we confronted the hostess, she told us that there were 3 of them and only 2 of us, and that the 3 women had a reservation at 8:30pm.	6
When we confronted the hostess, she told us that there were 3 of them and only 2 of us, and that the 3 women had a reservation at 8:30pm.	22
For appetizers, wine, dinner, desert, great convesation, expect to spend a couple of hours.	1
For appetizers, wine, dinner, desert, great convesation, expect to spend a couple of hours.	23
They crumbed the table once, although it was solied the entire meal.	22
They crumbed the table once, although it was solied the entire meal.	0
I tried the price fix and te waiter looked offended when I requested the price fix menu.	6
I tried the price fix and te waiter looked offended when I requested the price fix menu.	16
Service is wonderful- I've sat there for over 3 hours at dinner and never felt rushed to leave.	5
Service is wonderful- I've sat there for over 3 hours at dinner and never felt rushed to leave.	1
But then there's the sluggish and absentminded service: twice someone tried to serve us something for another table and it took a long time to get our check.	3
But then there's the sluggish and absentminded service: twice someone tried to serve us something for another table and it took a long time to get our check.	22
The waitress was not very responsive to requests and was slow to return with drinks.	6
The waitress was not very responsive to requests and was slow to return with drinks.	1
The staff is cool and friendly, and the place has been around since J.	8
The staff is cool and friendly, and the place has been around since J.	19
The seafood is out of this world and priced accordingly.	2
The seafood is out of this world and priced accordingly.	22
Most of the food has a vinegary flavor (I think because of the injera).	1
Most of the food has a vinegary flavor (I think because of the injera).	14
One of the managers offered us a seat at the bar to wait for a table, there we had the most amazing empanadas and red sangria.	7
One of the managers offered us a seat at the bar to wait for a table, there we had the most amazing empanadas and red sangria.	22
One of the managers offered us a seat at the bar to wait for a table, there we had the most amazing empanadas and red sangria.	19
One of the managers offered us a seat at the bar to wait for a table, there we had the most amazing empanadas and red sangria.	4
One of the managers offered us a seat at the bar to wait for a table, there we had the most amazing empanadas and red sangria.	2
The waiter ignored us for ten minutes, the restaurant was empty, got our drink orders wrong, got one main dish order wrong and the disappeared for another ten minutes before we could get the check.	6
The waiter ignored us for ten minutes, the restaurant was empty, got our drink orders wrong, got one main dish order wrong and the disappeared for another ten minutes before we could get the check.	0
The waiter ignored us for ten minutes, the restaurant was empty, got our drink orders wrong, got one main dish order wrong and the disappeared for another ten minutes before we could get the check.	10
While the design of the space and the atmosphere is quite enjoyable (with a great view of Union Square), the food has once again proved to be less than favorable and the service mediocre.	20
While the design of the space and the atmosphere is quite enjoyable (with a great view of Union Square), the food has once again proved to be less than favorable and the service mediocre.	14
While the design of the space and the atmosphere is quite enjoyable (with a great view of Union Square), the food has once again proved to be less than favorable and the service mediocre.	0
While the design of the space and the atmosphere is quite enjoyable (with a great view of Union Square), the food has once again proved to be less than favorable and the service mediocre.	3
I think they just tried to get a little too creative with the menu and actually ended up losing flavor in some of the dishes.	16
I think they just tried to get a little too creative with the menu and actually ended up losing flavor in some of the dishes.	12
I think they just tried to get a little too creative with the menu and actually ended up losing flavor in some of the dishes.	1
We tried to place the order and the waiter had no clue what we wanted even though we pointed it out on the menu.	6
We tried to place the order and the waiter had no clue what we wanted even though we pointed it out on the menu.	16
The restaurant didn't mind me sitting on their doorstep to the extent that the bartender invited me in for a drink.	8
The restaurant didn't mind me sitting on their doorstep to the extent that the bartender invited me in for a drink.	1
That said, I made sure to pay before we had coffee, so that the server was not waiting on us to pay; and I left a 30% tip, knowing we'd be there for a while.	1
That said, I made sure to pay before we had coffee, so that the server was not waiting on us to pay; and I left a 30% tip, knowing we'd be there for a while.	6
That said, I made sure to pay before we had coffee, so that the server was not waiting on us to pay; and I left a 30% tip, knowing we'd be there for a while.	3
The sevice and food were excelent, but at the bottom of the menu were the words, cash only.	2
The sevice and food were excelent, but at the bottom of the menu were the words, cash only.	15
When the hostess finally appears she tells me that she can't seat us on the mostly empty patio because all the open tables are for dinner not drinks.	6
When the hostess finally appears she tells me that she can't seat us on the mostly empty patio because all the open tables are for dinner not drinks.	19
When the hostess finally appears she tells me that she can't seat us on the mostly empty patio because all the open tables are for dinner not drinks.	22
When the hostess finally appears she tells me that she can't seat us on the mostly empty patio because all the open tables are for dinner not drinks.	1
The menu, fortunately, matches the other locations, covering the basics of Ethiopian cooking, and includes sambosas, kifto (chopped beef often served raw), tibs (lamb sauteed with rosemary), and, of course, injera, the spongy bread that doubles as a utensil.	16
The menu, fortunately, matches the other locations, covering the basics of Ethiopian cooking, and includes sambosas, kifto (chopped beef often served raw), tibs (lamb sauteed with rosemary), and, of course, injera, the spongy bread that doubles as a utensil.	2
If going for lunch, best to go by 12:30, even if getting take-out, the place is tiny and fills up quickly, both with people eating there, and standing waiting for take-out orders.	1
If going for lunch, best to go by 12:30, even if getting take-out, the place is tiny and fills up quickly, both with people eating there, and standing waiting for take-out orders.	20
If going for lunch, best to go by 12:30, even if getting take-out, the place is tiny and fills up quickly, both with people eating there, and standing waiting for take-out orders.	4
That was totally acceptable and we found some great seats at the bar.	23
That was totally acceptable and we found some great seats at the bar.	19
They were playing top 40 music the day I went which just didn't work with the whole theme, but they had the trippy sci-fi music playing in the bathroom, so it was almost right.	12
They were playing top 40 music the day I went which just didn't work with the whole theme, but they had the trippy sci-fi music playing in the bathroom, so it was almost right.	19
Come-as-you-are atmosphere, jukebox, value and James behind the bar work as a magnet.	14
Come-as-you-are atmosphere, jukebox, value and James behind the bar work as a magnet.	22
Come-as-you-are atmosphere, jukebox, value and James behind the bar work as a magnet.	19
In retrospect, that was kind of foolish, as the portions for dinner were obscene.	21
In retrospect, that was kind of foolish, as the portions for dinner were obscene.	1
The space and furnishings are too spartan and the service amateur and scattershot (no smiles offered here - busboy serves mains with who gets the.	19
The space and furnishings are too spartan and the service amateur and scattershot (no smiles offered here - busboy serves mains with who gets the.	6
All in all, it was a decent meal but dinner for two came to $172 with tip.	2
All in all, it was a decent meal but dinner for two came to $172 with tip.	10
The scene is reasonably cool but unworth more than a drink.	23
The scene is reasonably cool but unworth more than a drink.	0
Apparently, the waitress informed us that they change the menu at 5 Ninth every few days, which kind of explains the hit or miss situation.	6
Apparently, the waitress informed us that they change the menu at 5 Ninth every few days, which kind of explains the hit or miss situation.	16
had dinner there last night, max the waiter was great.	1
had dinner there last night, max the waiter was great.	8
I was really excited when our waiter read off the list of specials.	7
I was really excited when our waiter read off the list of specials.	2
05 bar of melted chocolate in a cup.	19
05 bar of melted chocolate in a cup.	2
05 bar of melted chocolate in a cup.	22
Even without this hiccup, the service seemed very amateur--not snooty, as I've read in other reviews--just nowhere near as good as it should be given the price of the meal.	3
Even without this hiccup, the service seemed very amateur--not snooty, as I've read in other reviews--just nowhere near as good as it should be given the price of the meal.	10
Even without this hiccup, the service seemed very amateur--not snooty, as I've read in other reviews--just nowhere near as good as it should be given the price of the meal.	1
Last night the dining room was crammed and seemingly only had one waiter which is ludicrous.	19
Last night the dining room was crammed and seemingly only had one waiter which is ludicrous.	6
A bright spot: the server was immeadiately apologetic and whisked problem plates away, and replacements were prompt.	8
A bright spot: the server was immeadiately apologetic and whisked problem plates away, and replacements were prompt.	21
Management had always been rude, but without the great staff as a buffer, Jesse's is just another pubby place with poor decor and average food.	6
Management had always been rude, but without the great staff as a buffer, Jesse's is just another pubby place with poor decor and average food.	12
Management had always been rude, but without the great staff as a buffer, Jesse's is just another pubby place with poor decor and average food.	1
The menu holds no letdowns: Desserts, like a cone of stiff kulfi with licorice, ot cinnamon souffle, extend dinner's spice into the sweet realm.	17
The menu holds no letdowns: Desserts, like a cone of stiff kulfi with licorice, ot cinnamon souffle, extend dinner's spice into the sweet realm.	1
We were a large party, over 6 people, and after our initial drinks, which included a couple bottles of wine, and order were taken we did not see a waiter or a busboy again for over an hour!!	1
We were a large party, over 6 people, and after our initial drinks, which included a couple bottles of wine, and order were taken we did not see a waiter or a busboy again for over an hour!!	6
In my experience, Olympic Flame, a traditional NYC Greek coffee shop, offers good value for one's money in terms of food cost but passable to rude service, depending on who you get.	10
In my experience, Olympic Flame, a traditional NYC Greek coffee shop, offers good value for one's money in terms of food cost but passable to rude service, depending on who you get.	3
The Food Diners are prompted to order several shareable dishes which, considering the food isn't what's drawing most of the crowd, are surprisingly good.	2
The Food Diners are prompted to order several shareable dishes which, considering the food isn't what's drawing most of the crowd, are surprisingly good.	22
Having just returned from Bourbon Street, I thought I had experienced the steepest drink prices in the US, but this is worse than N'awlins, where at least the expensive drinks cover wonderful live music.	1
Having just returned from Bourbon Street, I thought I had experienced the steepest drink prices in the US, but this is worse than N'awlins, where at least the expensive drinks cover wonderful live music.	14
Everything on the menu is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer-and-bacon, creamy mushroom, or white-wine-and-garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes, to a juicy croque-monsieur, and beyond.	16
Everything on the menu is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer-and-bacon, creamy mushroom, or white-wine-and-garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes, to a juicy croque-monsieur, and beyond.	23
Everything on the menu is satisfyingly savory, from a simple pot of mussels in a choice of sauces (beer-and-bacon, creamy mushroom, or white-wine-and-garlic broth), to beef stewed with beer and prunes, to a juicy croque-monsieur, and beyond.	2
We approached the host and manager politely after the meal but only received a simple and insincere Sorry.	6
We approached the host and manager politely after the meal but only received a simple and insincere Sorry.	1
The execution in the dining room was on point and we never had any service or food issues.	19
The execution in the dining room was on point and we never had any service or food issues.	2
We were left waiting a while after our food for our waiter to return, and thus we did not have time for dessert.	1
We were left waiting a while after our food for our waiter to return, and thus we did not have time for dessert.	6
Again in a group 6 months ago, the service was even worse this time, practically begging for water and other drinks while we waited an age just to get our orders taken.	3
Again in a group 6 months ago, the service was even worse this time, practically begging for water and other drinks while we waited an age just to get our orders taken.	1
The atmosphere is bland and non-descript and the service is fine.	12
The atmosphere is bland and non-descript and the service is fine.	5
FOOD WAS OK,SERVICE NOT SO OK,WAITED FOR THE CHECK WHILE OUR WAITER WAS GOSSIPPING,WAITED FOR CHANGE,WHILE OUR WAITER WAS GOSSIPPING.	2
FOOD WAS OK,SERVICE NOT SO OK,WAITED FOR THE CHECK WHILE OUR WAITER WAS GOSSIPPING,WAITED FOR CHANGE,WHILE OUR WAITER WAS GOSSIPPING.	3
The food at Mercer Kitchen is great, flavorful and nicely portioned.	2
The food at Mercer Kitchen is great, flavorful and nicely portioned.	19
The atmosphere is fun -- dark, pulsing, basement room; a place where you feel like you can relax.	14
The atmosphere is fun -- dark, pulsing, basement room; a place where you feel like you can relax.	19
Waiting for a table is par for the course.	3
Waiting for a table is par for the course.	22
The server seemed drunk, he forgot mixed up our food with some other table, ignored our requests for more water, drinks etc.	6
The server seemed drunk, he forgot mixed up our food with some other table, ignored our requests for more water, drinks etc.	1
The server seemed drunk, he forgot mixed up our food with some other table, ignored our requests for more water, drinks etc.	22
The service is good, but the staff is not too friendly.	5
The service is good, but the staff is not too friendly.	6
The wait was not very long and the staff was great.	4
The wait was not very long and the staff was great.	8
Tiny slices of pie with a dribble of cream topped off the evening.	21
Tiny slices of pie with a dribble of cream topped off the evening.	1
There is no service at this bar, which means no drinks or food -- ultimately leading to a very frustrating night out, and you end up kicking yourself for not leaving an hour earlier.	3
There is no service at this bar, which means no drinks or food -- ultimately leading to a very frustrating night out, and you end up kicking yourself for not leaving an hour earlier.	19
There is no service at this bar, which means no drinks or food -- ultimately leading to a very frustrating night out, and you end up kicking yourself for not leaving an hour earlier.	0
The Scene The bruising thoroughfare that is East 57th Street is the last place you'd expect to find an intimate, adorably decorated Northern Italian spot where it's actually possible to have a quiet, pleasant dinner.	22
The Scene The bruising thoroughfare that is East 57th Street is the last place you'd expect to find an intimate, adorably decorated Northern Italian spot where it's actually possible to have a quiet, pleasant dinner.	2
i love this pizza, its not greasy or filled with mounds of cheese, its just fresh tomatoes basil and buffalo mozz.	2
i love this pizza, its not greasy or filled with mounds of cheese, its just fresh tomatoes basil and buffalo mozz.	22
This place is even good for just drinks after work (nice bar) I am going back there as soon as I get a chance.	2
This place is even good for just drinks after work (nice bar) I am going back there as soon as I get a chance.	20
This place is even good for just drinks after work (nice bar) I am going back there as soon as I get a chance.	22
Desserts were pleasent enough, if not trying way to hard on presentation, lacking portions and interest.	1
Desserts were pleasent enough, if not trying way to hard on presentation, lacking portions and interest.	21
Although the food what adequate, the service was preposterous.	2
Although the food what adequate, the service was preposterous.	3
Our waiter, even though he was serving dinner, was SO out to lunch.	6
Our waiter, even though he was serving dinner, was SO out to lunch.	1
The Scene There are two distinct personalities to the place: The loud, seemingly always-crowded bar with hanging paper decorations and dim lighting, and the two main dining areas, where the noise level and decor is notably more subdued.	18
The Scene There are two distinct personalities to the place: The loud, seemingly always-crowded bar with hanging paper decorations and dim lighting, and the two main dining areas, where the noise level and decor is notably more subdued.	1
The Scene There are two distinct personalities to the place: The loud, seemingly always-crowded bar with hanging paper decorations and dim lighting, and the two main dining areas, where the noise level and decor is notably more subdued.	12
Although the decor is lovely as usual, service has detiorated.	14
Although the decor is lovely as usual, service has detiorated.	3
Food again was not just a name on the menu but very well made and fresh.	2
Food again was not just a name on the menu but very well made and fresh.	16
If the staff actually got it together and showed some customer service this place would be good.	6
If the staff actually got it together and showed some customer service this place would be good.	4
I let the waiter know and he offered me a free dessert.	8
I let the waiter know and he offered me a free dessert.	1
But it's the ambience that is the draw for me---sipping red wine and sitting under the red awning on a warm night.	14
But it's the ambience that is the draw for me---sipping red wine and sitting under the red awning on a warm night.	1
Customers choose flavors like sweet cream, cake batter or banana, add mix-ins--ranging from candy bar chunks and Gummi bears to hot fudge and peanut butter--then servers mash it all together on a frozen slab of granite.	1
Customers choose flavors like sweet cream, cake batter or banana, add mix-ins--ranging from candy bar chunks and Gummi bears to hot fudge and peanut butter--then servers mash it all together on a frozen slab of granite.	8
Customers choose flavors like sweet cream, cake batter or banana, add mix-ins--ranging from candy bar chunks and Gummi bears to hot fudge and peanut butter--then servers mash it all together on a frozen slab of granite.	19
If the food is out of your price range then at least go for happy hour for a drink - although the drinks cost a bit more then the average happy hour bar after you receive one you would agree that it is worth it.	9
If the food is out of your price range then at least go for happy hour for a drink - although the drinks cost a bit more then the average happy hour bar after you receive one you would agree that it is worth it.	19
So, if you don't care about speedy service, go; but if you aren't in the habit of lighting your cigarette with twenties, avoid the tapas.	5
So, if you don't care about speedy service, go; but if you aren't in the habit of lighting your cigarette with twenties, avoid the tapas.	0
Our server spilled a drink on the table cloth and it was cleaned up in an instant, no mess, free drinks to compensate, and left us impressed at how seamlessly this was fixed.	6
Our server spilled a drink on the table cloth and it was cleaned up in an instant, no mess, free drinks to compensate, and left us impressed at how seamlessly this was fixed.	22
Our server spilled a drink on the table cloth and it was cleaned up in an instant, no mess, free drinks to compensate, and left us impressed at how seamlessly this was fixed.	2
The food is consistantly great, but the wait is often long and the noise is often deafening.	2
The food is consistantly great, but the wait is often long and the noise is often deafening.	3
If you want to avoid the long lines, arrive at 5:00 PM and have an early dinner.	21
If you want to avoid the long lines, arrive at 5:00 PM and have an early dinner.	1
We were seated fastly enough, and ordering was painless, but I got the wrong appetizer, we both received the same item instead.	4
We were seated fastly enough, and ordering was painless, but I got the wrong appetizer, we both received the same item instead.	0
I agree with the many posters addressing an oppressively aggressive waitstaff, and I'm in particular support of the review directed at Franny's bizarrely adamant refusal to cut pizza (or provide adaquate knives/plates for us to do it ourselves).	6
I agree with the many posters addressing an oppressively aggressive waitstaff, and I'm in particular support of the review directed at Franny's bizarrely adamant refusal to cut pizza (or provide adaquate knives/plates for us to do it ourselves).	1
I agree with the many posters addressing an oppressively aggressive waitstaff, and I'm in particular support of the review directed at Franny's bizarrely adamant refusal to cut pizza (or provide adaquate knives/plates for us to do it ourselves).	22
finally they wanted to take our app order before taking our wine order, seemed like the waiter couldnt handle it all at once.	1
finally they wanted to take our app order before taking our wine order, seemed like the waiter couldnt handle it all at once.	6
Nonetheless, it's an excellent pie -- and don't let the long lines scare you off -- they keep them moving.	2
Nonetheless, it's an excellent pie -- and don't let the long lines scare you off -- they keep them moving.	21
Across the menu, and even within a single dish, there is a stunning variety of scintillating, distinct flavors.	16
Across the menu, and even within a single dish, there is a stunning variety of scintillating, distinct flavors.	2
In fact you can find their menu offerings at other places for better qualities and lower prices.	16
In fact you can find their menu offerings at other places for better qualities and lower prices.	11
They may love the wacky/tacky decore, the overly gracious host, Gus, and his staff, the loads of freebies (oranges, cookies, lollies and wet naps), but the food is just mediocre.	14
They may love the wacky/tacky decore, the overly gracious host, Gus, and his staff, the loads of freebies (oranges, cookies, lollies and wet naps), but the food is just mediocre.	7
They may love the wacky/tacky decore, the overly gracious host, Gus, and his staff, the loads of freebies (oranges, cookies, lollies and wet naps), but the food is just mediocre.	0
probably not worth the wait on the weekend when pomodoro is a block away but worth getting for delivery if you are in the area or for dinner during the week.	3
probably not worth the wait on the weekend when pomodoro is a block away but worth getting for delivery if you are in the area or for dinner during the week.	1
5 minutes later the same waitress came back to have us move to the next table so she could seat a party of 4.	6
5 minutes later the same waitress came back to have us move to the next table so she could seat a party of 4.	22
The margaritas were mediocre, but it did not make up for the muzak they played in the resturant nor the bad food and drink they served.	0
The margaritas were mediocre, but it did not make up for the muzak they played in the resturant nor the bad food and drink they served.	4
The food as always was fantastic, and the pricing was moderate although I was not happy about the 18% gratuity being added for parties over 6, especially after the horrible service we recieved.	2
The food as always was fantastic, and the pricing was moderate although I was not happy about the 18% gratuity being added for parties over 6, especially after the horrible service we recieved.	11
The food as always was fantastic, and the pricing was moderate although I was not happy about the 18% gratuity being added for parties over 6, especially after the horrible service we recieved.	3
sushi portions were bigger than most places and service was average, far better options available in the area.	2
sushi portions were bigger than most places and service was average, far better options available in the area.	3
food for fancy prices; menu consisted of one page; antipasto, and pizza; that was pretty much it; the other 3 pages was to my surprize the wine list.	11
food for fancy prices; menu consisted of one page; antipasto, and pizza; that was pretty much it; the other 3 pages was to my surprize the wine list.	16
I always thought the food was decent, but not spectacular and the price fair, but no bargain.	2
I always thought the food was decent, but not spectacular and the price fair, but no bargain.	9
the waitress was not attentive at all and we had to keep getting the attention of the water servers to get more drinks.	6
the waitress was not attentive at all and we had to keep getting the attention of the water servers to get more drinks.	2
Its the perfect place to take a date, start out with dinner and then stick around for dancing!	20
Its the perfect place to take a date, start out with dinner and then stick around for dancing!	1
Waitstaff is preoccupied dancing on the bar and googling at beautiful people, but who can blame them.	8
Waitstaff is preoccupied dancing on the bar and googling at beautiful people, but who can blame them.	19
My Moon spent all their money on an architect/interior designer and forgot about the chef.	10
My Moon spent all their money on an architect/interior designer and forgot about the chef.	6
I asked one of the more elderly managers what we were eating and he joked that he didn't really know so he referred someone else to us who basically repeated what was written in the menu.	6
I asked one of the more elderly managers what we were eating and he joked that he didn't really know so he referred someone else to us who basically repeated what was written in the menu.	16
In the dim lighting, I thought the portions were impressive and dug in.	13
In the dim lighting, I thought the portions were impressive and dug in.	23
Meanwhile, our server was dancing and posing by the bar.	6
Meanwhile, our server was dancing and posing by the bar.	19
The whole table must participate and you have to be willing to let the chef cook for you with no menu.	23
The whole table must participate and you have to be willing to let the chef cook for you with no menu.	8
The whole table must participate and you have to be willing to let the chef cook for you with no menu.	16
When we went up to get what we assumed would be our second drink at no charge, the bartender charged us $5 a piece.	1
When we went up to get what we assumed would be our second drink at no charge, the bartender charged us $5 a piece.	6
We saw problems with our waitress immediately when she frowned when we opted for tap water instead of bottled.	6
We saw problems with our waitress immediately when she frowned when we opted for tap water instead of bottled.	1
Waiter was very arrogant, though tha staff was attentive and when a waiter pilled a glass of water on one of our guests, the hostess ran with a dry cleaning voucher even though we did not make a big deak of it - just an accident and only water.	8
Waiter was very arrogant, though tha staff was attentive and when a waiter pilled a glass of water on one of our guests, the hostess ran with a dry cleaning voucher even though we did not make a big deak of it - just an accident and only water.	1
For the money, it's a dependable and fun place to get sushi - bring friends and share the 2 for 1 rolls (they have to be 2 of the same.	11
For the money, it's a dependable and fun place to get sushi - bring friends and share the 2 for 1 rolls (they have to be 2 of the same.	20
For the money, it's a dependable and fun place to get sushi - bring friends and share the 2 for 1 rolls (they have to be 2 of the same.	1
The service was lacking a bit, we waited about 20 mins for a waiter and water to come to us once we were sat and we had to ask for everything twice, even drink orders - I think maybe we just got stuck with a bad waiter though.	3
The service was lacking a bit, we waited about 20 mins for a waiter and water to come to us once we were sat and we had to ask for everything twice, even drink orders - I think maybe we just got stuck with a bad waiter though.	1
When I asked the manager to remove the coffee, she did so without question, but never asked why and never followed up on the issue (she was far too busy flirting with the male waiters).	6
When I asked the manager to remove the coffee, she did so without question, but never asked why and never followed up on the issue (she was far too busy flirting with the male waiters).	1
We both orderd drinks that we never recived, but were charged for, and when we said something to the waiter he rolled his eyes and asked if we wanted them anyway (after we were done eating and more than ready to go.	1
We both orderd drinks that we never recived, but were charged for, and when we said something to the waiter he rolled his eyes and asked if we wanted them anyway (after we were done eating and more than ready to go.	6
waiters were very nice, they dont take reservations during the week end, we waited at the bar with some sangria, Very good experience, loud music but we were able to communicate easily, overall i recommand this place to groups and dates,   Will be back more often!	8
waiters were very nice, they dont take reservations during the week end, we waited at the bar with some sangria, Very good experience, loud music but we were able to communicate easily, overall i recommand this place to groups and dates,   Will be back more often!	19
waiters were very nice, they dont take reservations during the week end, we waited at the bar with some sangria, Very good experience, loud music but we were able to communicate easily, overall i recommand this place to groups and dates,   Will be back more often!	1
waiters were very nice, they dont take reservations during the week end, we waited at the bar with some sangria, Very good experience, loud music but we were able to communicate easily, overall i recommand this place to groups and dates,   Will be back more often!	23
I discovered recent new management has made major improvements at this location ie the bar, dining areas, party room and bathrooms and keeping the kitchen open after 11PM.	8
I discovered recent new management has made major improvements at this location ie the bar, dining areas, party room and bathrooms and keeping the kitchen open after 11PM.	19
I would not suggest dining here unless you get a different server.	0
I would not suggest dining here unless you get a different server.	7
Decor is old, but the bathrooms are clean and updated.	14
Decor is old, but the bathrooms are clean and updated.	18
After having the table cleared and recieving fresh warm plates, we shared the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken and Lentils.	23
After having the table cleared and recieving fresh warm plates, we shared the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken and Lentils.	1
I will say that often times they make their drinks very strong (may tell your bartender / waitress to keep it mild).	0
I will say that often times they make their drinks very strong (may tell your bartender / waitress to keep it mild).	7
The food is worth going for, but the boys in behind the bar in the lounge are what keep me coming back!	2
The food is worth going for, but the boys in behind the bar in the lounge are what keep me coming back!	19
The server spilled beer on the table when he poured it; he dropped ice cubes for another one of our guests and water everywhere else.	6
The server spilled beer on the table when he poured it; he dropped ice cubes for another one of our guests and water everywhere else.	1
The server spilled beer on the table when he poured it; he dropped ice cubes for another one of our guests and water everywhere else.	22
The only downside was the service was slow and our waitress kept forgetting to bring our drinks.	3
The only downside was the service was slow and our waitress kept forgetting to bring our drinks.	6
The only downside was the service was slow and our waitress kept forgetting to bring our drinks.	1
too bad that the 2 sushi chefs have become a bit too busy to chat away with the guests at the counter, but they try and hey, we are here for the food !!!	19
too bad that the 2 sushi chefs have become a bit too busy to chat away with the guests at the counter, but they try and hey, we are here for the food !!!	2
) I'm sticking with Cafe Mozart--which has the same desserts, bigger slices, and lower prices!	1
) I'm sticking with Cafe Mozart--which has the same desserts, bigger slices, and lower prices!	11
There is a litte bit of a wait on the food, but it is well worth it!	3
There is a litte bit of a wait on the food, but it is well worth it!	1
The waitstaff is charming and knowledgeable about the menu.	8
The waitstaff is charming and knowledgeable about the menu.	16
We got up from the bar and got pushy with the hostess and finally were seated at an excellent table.	19
We got up from the bar and got pushy with the hostess and finally were seated at an excellent table.	8
Our hostess was more concerned about the appearance of the banquets than wether we had the right menus.	6
Our hostess was more concerned about the appearance of the banquets than wether we had the right menus.	16
The second time we went the waiter didn't put in our pizza order!	6
The second time we went the waiter didn't put in our pizza order!	1
Atmosphere in the formal room was nice, but the informal dining room was extremely loud which ultimately made the formal room louder than my perference.	14
Atmosphere in the formal room was nice, but the informal dining room was extremely loud which ultimately made the formal room louder than my perference.	18
We showed up and waited 30 minutes in line 30 minutes to get our drinks -after we asked twice, the service was the worst I've had in nyc.	1
We showed up and waited 30 minutes in line 30 minutes to get our drinks -after we asked twice, the service was the worst I've had in nyc.	3
I tried almost everything on the menu, but my fav is the pumkin raviloi, too bad it's only seasonal.	16
I tried almost everything on the menu, but my fav is the pumkin raviloi, too bad it's only seasonal.	2
It was more than enough food even though the portions are tiny.	2
It was more than enough food even though the portions are tiny.	21
The place was small and simple, but I never cared about service or decor.	18
The place was small and simple, but I never cared about service or decor.	13
The bill came out to like $100pp, and noone touched their food, and drinks were left untouched because after the first bite/sip you want to never touch it again.	10
The bill came out to like $100pp, and noone touched their food, and drinks were left untouched because after the first bite/sip you want to never touch it again.	0
It is a small restaurant so without reservations, there can be a long wait.	22
It is a small restaurant so without reservations, there can be a long wait.	3
Additionally the bar upstairs is picturesque and spacious, even though the techno music is horrible.	19
Additionally the bar upstairs is picturesque and spacious, even though the techno music is horrible.	12
The ensuing dinner was definitely worth the wait; I'll be dreaming about chef Jodi Williams' extraordinary fried squash blossoms for a long time.	2
The ensuing dinner was definitely worth the wait; I'll be dreaming about chef Jodi Williams' extraordinary fried squash blossoms for a long time.	7
Beers on tap were pretty good and we had a great waiter but the food left much to be desired.	22
Beers on tap were pretty good and we had a great waiter but the food left much to be desired.	8
Beers on tap were pretty good and we had a great waiter but the food left much to be desired.	0
But the service, though invariably genial and helpful, can be weirdly haphazard -- waiters disappear mysteriously, only to reemerge just when you've decided their shift must have ended -- possibly an understaffing issue?	5
But the service, though invariably genial and helpful, can be weirdly haphazard -- waiters disappear mysteriously, only to reemerge just when you've decided their shift must have ended -- possibly an understaffing issue?	6
on the food-front while adding just enough of a civilized atmosphere where you won't worry about either your neighbor or the wait staff biting off one of your fingers.	14
on the food-front while adding just enough of a civilized atmosphere where you won't worry about either your neighbor or the wait staff biting off one of your fingers.	7
I think that argentine cuisine can be match more interesting better that the insipid expirience that I had in this overpriced place.	1
I think that argentine cuisine can be match more interesting better that the insipid expirience that I had in this overpriced place.	18
DINERS serve better french toast than Balthazar.	10
DINERS serve better french toast than Balthazar.	2
Arrive at 7:00pm, the waiters didn't give us our menus till an 1 1/2 hour later.	6
Arrive at 7:00pm, the waiters didn't give us our menus till an 1 1/2 hour later.	16
The hummus was not flavorful and when we ran out of bread and asked for more, it never came.	21
The hummus was not flavorful and when we ran out of bread and asked for more, it never came.	1
That's almost enough to prove its legitimacy to me, but eating there, both for a quick slice and sit-down for pasta with my family has always been a delicious, inexpensive and fun experience.	2
That's almost enough to prove its legitimacy to me, but eating there, both for a quick slice and sit-down for pasta with my family has always been a delicious, inexpensive and fun experience.	22
I love the decor but would not recommend sitting in the communal tables unless its a very big group, much more fun getting a table and people watch while you chomp on your $20 palm sized truffle pizza.	14
I love the decor but would not recommend sitting in the communal tables unless its a very big group, much more fun getting a table and people watch while you chomp on your $20 palm sized truffle pizza.	1
Then another pleasant surprise - the menu said we had to share the entree for each couple.	16
Then another pleasant surprise - the menu said we had to share the entree for each couple.	1
Then another pleasant surprise - the menu said we had to share the entree for each couple.	23
I can't imagine how small the fish portion on the $10 lunch menu must be if I got the large one.	0
I can't imagine how small the fish portion on the $10 lunch menu must be if I got the large one.	16
I can't imagine how small the fish portion on the $10 lunch menu must be if I got the large one.	23
The Food  Most restaurants with more than 250 items on the regular menu don't do any of them particularly well.	1
The Food  Most restaurants with more than 250 items on the regular menu don't do any of them particularly well.	15
The waitstaff was helpful but watch out, after you pay your hefty bill managment will ask you to leave if they think you've lingered too long.	8
The waitstaff was helpful but watch out, after you pay your hefty bill managment will ask you to leave if they think you've lingered too long.	10
It's too loud and the cheesiest music is played throughout the meal.	12
It's too loud and the cheesiest music is played throughout the meal.	1
Yellowtail tuna carpaccio, lightly dressed with a hint of mint, sings of summer, and crab salad partnered with sweet-hot mango mustard and greens hits all the right flavor notes.	2
Yellowtail tuna carpaccio, lightly dressed with a hint of mint, sings of summer, and crab salad partnered with sweet-hot mango mustard and greens hits all the right flavor notes.	22
The menu alternates between typical American fare (salads, potato skins, Angus burgers and grilled chicken) and modestly international cuisine like fajitas, wraps and pot stickers.	16
The menu alternates between typical American fare (salads, potato skins, Angus burgers and grilled chicken) and modestly international cuisine like fajitas, wraps and pot stickers.	11
The menu alternates between typical American fare (salads, potato skins, Angus burgers and grilled chicken) and modestly international cuisine like fajitas, wraps and pot stickers.	2
The menu alternates between typical American fare (salads, potato skins, Angus burgers and grilled chicken) and modestly international cuisine like fajitas, wraps and pot stickers.	22
The pro's: Good ambience,service The Con's: For the 4 to 5 star price (200 dollars for 2 people which included 2 drinks each, an appetizer, main course, and a hsared dessert), the food and presentation was just average.	14
The pro's: Good ambience,service The Con's: For the 4 to 5 star price (200 dollars for 2 people which included 2 drinks each, an appetizer, main course, and a hsared dessert), the food and presentation was just average.	5
The pro's: Good ambience,service The Con's: For the 4 to 5 star price (200 dollars for 2 people which included 2 drinks each, an appetizer, main course, and a hsared dessert), the food and presentation was just average.	10
The pro's: Good ambience,service The Con's: For the 4 to 5 star price (200 dollars for 2 people which included 2 drinks each, an appetizer, main course, and a hsared dessert), the food and presentation was just average.	1
The menu had some slight twists to conventional upscale Mexican.	16
The menu had some slight twists to conventional upscale Mexican.	23
my one complaint is that when we were finished with our dinner, it took an abnormally long time for our waitress to get with the program and bring us our check.	1
my one complaint is that when we were finished with our dinner, it took an abnormally long time for our waitress to get with the program and bring us our check.	6
The service was average and the tables are really close together (but who cares when the food is this good).	18
The service was average and the tables are really close together (but who cares when the food is this good).	2
In Short This restaurant, an offshoot of the celebrity-besieged East Hampton eatery of the same name, is enlivened by a copper-topped bar, an on-display wood-burning oven and a royal blue oceanic mural running along its walls.	19
In Short This restaurant, an offshoot of the celebrity-besieged East Hampton eatery of the same name, is enlivened by a copper-topped bar, an on-display wood-burning oven and a royal blue oceanic mural running along its walls.	2
My friend was a vegetarian and the staff went out of their way to provide her with a special entree.	8
My friend was a vegetarian and the staff went out of their way to provide her with a special entree.	1
They ended up cramming 10 of us on 3 small tables, then taking forever with our food.	18
They ended up cramming 10 of us on 3 small tables, then taking forever with our food.	1
For dessert we split the combination platter, which had rather small portions but they were good.	1
For dessert we split the combination platter, which had rather small portions but they were good.	21
If you go in, make sure to listen to the unbelievably loud microphone that the folks at the counter use to dictate orders to the cooks who stand about two feet behind them.	19
If you go in, make sure to listen to the unbelievably loud microphone that the folks at the counter use to dictate orders to the cooks who stand about two feet behind them.	6
Service was not snooty and you'll be treated the same whether you order one of the $150+ kaiseki dinners or a single entree.	3
Service was not snooty and you'll be treated the same whether you order one of the $150+ kaiseki dinners or a single entree.	1
Unfortunately, that lunch can take a loooooong time as the waiters seem to forget food orders, forget drink orders, and forget to refill water glasses.	1
Unfortunately, that lunch can take a loooooong time as the waiters seem to forget food orders, forget drink orders, and forget to refill water glasses.	6
Unfortunately, that lunch can take a loooooong time as the waiters seem to forget food orders, forget drink orders, and forget to refill water glasses.	22
Ordered a beer from the bartender, she opened it and the told me that she didn't know the price !!	1
Ordered a beer from the bartender, she opened it and the told me that she didn't know the price !!	6
The Food Recalling an era of calorie-defying decadence--hard liquor, red meat, cigars and mammoth portions--gluttony is the operative word here.	0
The Food Recalling an era of calorie-defying decadence--hard liquor, red meat, cigars and mammoth portions--gluttony is the operative word here.	22
Personally, I like my food fresh, so you just have to tell the waiter that you would like to order by ear.	2
Personally, I like my food fresh, so you just have to tell the waiter that you would like to order by ear.	7
The tasting menu experience lasted close to three hours and included six or seven food courses and three desert courses.	17
The tasting menu experience lasted close to three hours and included six or seven food courses and three desert courses.	1
My partner had ordered an appetizer that was no longer available; the waitress did not inform us when reviewing the specials.	6
My partner had ordered an appetizer that was no longer available; the waitress did not inform us when reviewing the specials.	1
i went here on a whim and found out you could get sushi for half price kind of like happy hour.	1
i went here on a whim and found out you could get sushi for half price kind of like happy hour.	11
It's called OYSTER BAR, and yet no oyster selection at all!	19
It's called OYSTER BAR, and yet no oyster selection at all!	0
They kept the chef, margarita machines, and practically the identical menu from Miracle Grill (the restaurant that formerly had the space); how is it that everything here is so much worse?	17
They kept the chef, margarita machines, and practically the identical menu from Miracle Grill (the restaurant that formerly had the space); how is it that everything here is so much worse?	1
They kept the chef, margarita machines, and practically the identical menu from Miracle Grill (the restaurant that formerly had the space); how is it that everything here is so much worse?	19
The menu was filled with of course the standard sushi fair, but the real gem was the unuusal and creative combinations of sushis and sauces and other ingredients they had as well.	16
The menu was filled with of course the standard sushi fair, but the real gem was the unuusal and creative combinations of sushis and sauces and other ingredients they had as well.	2
The complete and total rudeness and frustration surrounding this place started with the hostess calling us in the middle of the afternoon asking if we could change our reservation.	6
The complete and total rudeness and frustration surrounding this place started with the hostess calling us in the middle of the afternoon asking if we could change our reservation.	22
Not the most adventurous nor exquisite food, but generous portions (at least, on the 3-course prix fixe) that were faultlessly executed, complemented by a varied wine list ranging from that special bottle for a celebratory splurge to excellent choices under $50.	0
Not the most adventurous nor exquisite food, but generous portions (at least, on the 3-course prix fixe) that were faultlessly executed, complemented by a varied wine list ranging from that special bottle for a celebratory splurge to excellent choices under $50.	23
The only redeeming factor of the night was the dessert which was very good but certainly not worth the cost of an overall horible experience.	2
The only redeeming factor of the night was the dessert which was very good but certainly not worth the cost of an overall horible experience.	9
Our waiter must have been a 'stand-in' because he did not know the menu, choices or basic service protocol (bread plate on the left).	6
Our waiter must have been a 'stand-in' because he did not know the menu, choices or basic service protocol (bread plate on the left).	16
Our waiter must have been a 'stand-in' because he did not know the menu, choices or basic service protocol (bread plate on the left).	4
If your friends persuade you to check this place out, I suggest that you order all of your drinks, apps, entrees, desserts, and the check up front, because you'll never see your server again.	1
If your friends persuade you to check this place out, I suggest that you order all of your drinks, apps, entrees, desserts, and the check up front, because you'll never see your server again.	6
So are cooked plates: Marinated Kobe beef practically melts on its skewers, soy-buttered scallops collapse with sweet brine and Chawanmushi custard, quivering in eel-soy broth with black truffles and foie gras, is over the top.	22
So are cooked plates: Marinated Kobe beef practically melts on its skewers, soy-buttered scallops collapse with sweet brine and Chawanmushi custard, quivering in eel-soy broth with black truffles and foie gras, is over the top.	2
I've been here twice for brunch, and I found the ambience and food to be much better than the overly-hyped Kitchenette next door.	1
I've been here twice for brunch, and I found the ambience and food to be much better than the overly-hyped Kitchenette next door.	14
Not the ideal spot when you're really hungry -- the plates are tiny and the prices not (like every other upscale tapas place).	21
Not the ideal spot when you're really hungry -- the plates are tiny and the prices not (like every other upscale tapas place).	9
Not the ideal spot when you're really hungry -- the plates are tiny and the prices not (like every other upscale tapas place).	1
The waiter knew about every item on the menu and explained it very well.	8
The waiter knew about every item on the menu and explained it very well.	16
The waitress only stopped at our table to take our order and pick up the check.	6
The waitress only stopped at our table to take our order and pick up the check.	22
The waitress only stopped at our table to take our order and pick up the check.	10
We got there before our reservation and the seated us quickly.	22
We got there before our reservation and the seated us quickly.	5
The Scene Tucked away on the second floor of a small, nondescript Madison Avenue building, Caviar Russe feels more like a private club than a restaurant.	21
The Scene Tucked away on the second floor of a small, nondescript Madison Avenue building, Caviar Russe feels more like a private club than a restaurant.	1
While the server offered nothing, the host apologized, and said that he hoped that I would return again, perhaps for brunch.	6
While the server offered nothing, the host apologized, and said that he hoped that I would return again, perhaps for brunch.	1
The food was good, the service was fine, and the place has a lot of visual atmosphere, but I would not go back unless I was stuck eating with someone I didn't want to listen to.	19
The food was good, the service was fine, and the place has a lot of visual atmosphere, but I would not go back unless I was stuck eating with someone I didn't want to listen to.	14
I noticed many of the other comments had negative things to say about the service and food - my thoughts and suggestions are: eat at the bar to avoid a rude waiter or bad service here and Artisanal's reputation is based on the cheese, get the CHEESE and not the steak or whatever.	1
I noticed many of the other comments had negative things to say about the service and food - my thoughts and suggestions are: eat at the bar to avoid a rude waiter or bad service here and Artisanal's reputation is based on the cheese, get the CHEESE and not the steak or whatever.	19
I noticed many of the other comments had negative things to say about the service and food - my thoughts and suggestions are: eat at the bar to avoid a rude waiter or bad service here and Artisanal's reputation is based on the cheese, get the CHEESE and not the steak or whatever.	6
However, the service has SIGNIFICANTLY declined since they expanded into the back room.	3
However, the service has SIGNIFICANTLY declined since they expanded into the back room.	19
Our waitress was very nice, not snotty - she even gave us a free apertif after the meal (and left the bottle on the table).	8
Our waitress was very nice, not snotty - she even gave us a free apertif after the meal (and left the bottle on the table).	1
Nice decor - but the place is so crowded and noisy you can't enjoy it.	14
Nice decor - but the place is so crowded and noisy you can't enjoy it.	18
The waiter, of course had no knowledge of the yet to be produced wine list and no wine steward or manager bothered to come by the table to check in.	6
The waiter, of course had no knowledge of the yet to be produced wine list and no wine steward or manager bothered to come by the table to check in.	22
The prices seemed reasonable with entrees ranging from $14-$25.	11
The prices seemed reasonable with entrees ranging from $14-$25.	1
The only complaints (minor) was a 15 minute wait when we had a 10 PM reservation and the tables are pretty close to one another.	3
The only complaints (minor) was a 15 minute wait when we had a 10 PM reservation and the tables are pretty close to one another.	22
The only complaints (minor) was a 15 minute wait when we had a 10 PM reservation and the tables are pretty close to one another.	18
What I liked the most is that the staff listened attentively to what I asked for and my meal was prepared EXACTLY the way I asked, what a treat.	8
What I liked the most is that the staff listened attentively to what I asked for and my meal was prepared EXACTLY the way I asked, what a treat.	1
Although we had to wait a long while and the hostess was very busy behind the bar, she was very apologetic and sincere which made it feel ok to have to wait.	6
Although we had to wait a long while and the hostess was very busy behind the bar, she was very apologetic and sincere which made it feel ok to have to wait.	19
The wait staff is very attentive, and you can smoke at the bar while enjoying the view of the river.	8
The wait staff is very attentive, and you can smoke at the bar while enjoying the view of the river.	19
the prices are right and i strongly recommend this place for any time of day: early breakfast or late night snack.	11
the prices are right and i strongly recommend this place for any time of day: early breakfast or late night snack.	1
Also, if you order a dinner, plan to have leftovers for the next day because the portions are HUGE, the salad that comes with a meal is large enough to be a meal itself.	1
Also, if you order a dinner, plan to have leftovers for the next day because the portions are HUGE, the salad that comes with a meal is large enough to be a meal itself.	23
-the bread served was cold  -the choices for restaurant week was very slim (no meat dish except pork) -there were no chef's treats or delights -the food was ok but not up to the quality expected There are more exciting, romantic restaurants in the city to visit.	0
-the bread served was cold  -the choices for restaurant week was very slim (no meat dish except pork) -there were no chef's treats or delights -the food was ok but not up to the quality expected There are more exciting, romantic restaurants in the city to visit.	7
Lovely place with the kind of Chinese food I like -- clean presentation, sizeable menu, and a bit of a French twist.	20
Lovely place with the kind of Chinese food I like -- clean presentation, sizeable menu, and a bit of a French twist.	17
Lovely place with the kind of Chinese food I like -- clean presentation, sizeable menu, and a bit of a French twist.	1
Our waiter showed up two minutes later to take our order and showed up with our drinks 25 minutes later and they were not crowed.	6
Our waiter showed up two minutes later to take our order and showed up with our drinks 25 minutes later and they were not crowed.	1
Food is decent but portions are so tiny and the whole meal is served on huge plate which makes it look even more ridiculous.	2
Food is decent but portions are so tiny and the whole meal is served on huge plate which makes it look even more ridiculous.	21
Food is decent but portions are so tiny and the whole meal is served on huge plate which makes it look even more ridiculous.	3
Went to Public last Saturday, couldn't get a table so the lovely host suggested that my partner and I dine at the bar.	22
Went to Public last Saturday, couldn't get a table so the lovely host suggested that my partner and I dine at the bar.	8
Went to Public last Saturday, couldn't get a table so the lovely host suggested that my partner and I dine at the bar.	19
I am an extremely low maintenance diner and the staff at this restaurant managed to insult my dinner party and refuse kitchen service minutes after seating us and informing us that the kitchen was open.	18
I am an extremely low maintenance diner and the staff at this restaurant managed to insult my dinner party and refuse kitchen service minutes after seating us and informing us that the kitchen was open.	1
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.	6
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.	1
Aside from the service being slow, the place was packed w/ a good crowd and music was amazing.	3
Aside from the service being slow, the place was packed w/ a good crowd and music was amazing.	20
Aside from the service being slow, the place was packed w/ a good crowd and music was amazing.	23
Aside from the service being slow, the place was packed w/ a good crowd and music was amazing.	14
When after 2 hours we did ask for our entrees, the waiter and busboy were both extremely rude.	1
When after 2 hours we did ask for our entrees, the waiter and busboy were both extremely rude.	6
The waitress came three times: to take our order, to bring the order, and to bring the check.	6
The waitress came three times: to take our order, to bring the order, and to bring the check.	10
It's got above-average diner and italian fare, and it's right near the subway.	20
It's got above-average diner and italian fare, and it's right near the subway.	10
The small bar is always packed with people, and you have to constantly contend with waiters asking you to move as they navigate through the crowd to make it to their tables.	19
The small bar is always packed with people, and you have to constantly contend with waiters asking you to move as they navigate through the crowd to make it to their tables.	6
After making reservations almost a month in advance, I was very disappointed to be seated in a secluded area for dinner next to the sushi bar and KITCHEN!!!!!!!	22
After making reservations almost a month in advance, I was very disappointed to be seated in a secluded area for dinner next to the sushi bar and KITCHEN!!!!!!!	3
After making reservations almost a month in advance, I was very disappointed to be seated in a secluded area for dinner next to the sushi bar and KITCHEN!!!!!!!	19
I mean no disrespect to the owner, just constructive criticism - improve the decor and dine-in service, but DON'T change the portions or the recipes.	12
I mean no disrespect to the owner, just constructive criticism - improve the decor and dine-in service, but DON'T change the portions or the recipes.	22
Recommended to those who want to try a different setting for a diner.	14
Recommended to those who want to try a different setting for a diner.	19
Although the waitress had clearly our reservation on her book, she told us somebody arrived one minute ago and being first to arrive, he could have our table.	6
Although the waitress had clearly our reservation on her book, she told us somebody arrived one minute ago and being first to arrive, he could have our table.	22
He did do the service part well enough -- brought the food, etc.	5
He did do the service part well enough -- brought the food, etc.	1
it is too bad because the food, ambiance, and drinks were great but they need serious help on the service.	2
it is too bad because the food, ambiance, and drinks were great but they need serious help on the service.	14
it is too bad because the food, ambiance, and drinks were great but they need serious help on the service.	3
Hey - What better excuse to sit at the bar and try another one of their fantastic drinks.	19
Hey - What better excuse to sit at the bar and try another one of their fantastic drinks.	2
Come in the evening, sip a glass of wine, or two, and enjoy the great live jazz along with your dinner.	14
Come in the evening, sip a glass of wine, or two, and enjoy the great live jazz along with your dinner.	1
Hunan Delight has one page in their menu full of Vegetarian dishes.	16
Hunan Delight has one page in their menu full of Vegetarian dishes.	2
Starting off with an excellent carafe of Cotes du rhone suggested by the waiter, we soon ordered a few appetizers like the steak tartare, the escargot and the goat cheese tart.	8
Starting off with an excellent carafe of Cotes du rhone suggested by the waiter, we soon ordered a few appetizers like the steak tartare, the escargot and the goat cheese tart.	1
Although there were many open tables, the manager insisted my party wait at the bar for over one hour.	6
Although there were many open tables, the manager insisted my party wait at the bar for over one hour.	19
it would be better to place the bar closer to the front of the restaurant and away from the tables.	18
it would be better to place the bar closer to the front of the restaurant and away from the tables.	22
We tried the Tasting menu', and the manager offered to select the items to be served after taking inputs from us ( Choice of meat, allergies etc.	17
We tried the Tasting menu', and the manager offered to select the items to be served after taking inputs from us ( Choice of meat, allergies etc.	8
We tried the Tasting menu', and the manager offered to select the items to be served after taking inputs from us ( Choice of meat, allergies etc.	4
After they were done poking and prodding our food, the waiter took it right from their table and tried to give it to us.	1
After they were done poking and prodding our food, the waiter took it right from their table and tried to give it to us.	6
I have worked in the restaurant industry for 5 years, and so am understanding of things out of my server's control, and I have never experienced such poor service!	7
I have worked in the restaurant industry for 5 years, and so am understanding of things out of my server's control, and I have never experienced such poor service!	3
Don't go for the decor or the location, go for the food!	12
Don't go for the decor or the location, go for the food!	18
Don't go for the decor or the location, go for the food!	2
The hostess failed to inform us of that the restuarnt was hosting a private company party when we made the reservation.	6
The hostess failed to inform us of that the restuarnt was hosting a private company party when we made the reservation.	22
We waited forever for our orders, our drinks came out AFTER our food, we never got refills on water, we had to ask like three times for extra dressing, and our waiter was rude.	1
We waited forever for our orders, our drinks came out AFTER our food, we never got refills on water, we had to ask like three times for extra dressing, and our waiter was rude.	13
We waited forever for our orders, our drinks came out AFTER our food, we never got refills on water, we had to ask like three times for extra dressing, and our waiter was rude.	6
We asked the chef if it was possible to have two different tasting menus, to which he was quick and eager to comply.	7
We asked the chef if it was possible to have two different tasting menus, to which he was quick and eager to comply.	17
The service was very rushed and as we were finishing our drinks and paying our bill, the owner asked us to leave so he could seat other people at our table.	3
The service was very rushed and as we were finishing our drinks and paying our bill, the owner asked us to leave so he could seat other people at our table.	1
The service was very rushed and as we were finishing our drinks and paying our bill, the owner asked us to leave so he could seat other people at our table.	6
Our waiter was great and we even got drinks and some food courtesy of the cheff- maybe because it wasn't so busy when we went.	8
Our waiter was great and we even got drinks and some food courtesy of the cheff- maybe because it wasn't so busy when we went.	1
The manager very politely told the drunk man that he could leave and then gave everyone on the resturaunt a free glass of port for having to witness it.	8
The manager very politely told the drunk man that he could leave and then gave everyone on the resturaunt a free glass of port for having to witness it.	22
Oh, you should have seen the look on the waiter's face when we told him we didn't want any coffee after the meal.	6
Oh, you should have seen the look on the waiter's face when we told him we didn't want any coffee after the meal.	1
All the dishes that we had at our table were consistently good, although not great (nor poor, either).	2
All the dishes that we had at our table were consistently good, although not great (nor poor, either).	22
Delivery portions are bigger and 2 can easily share 1 entree.	23
Delivery portions are bigger and 2 can easily share 1 entree.	1
No specials and no crab limited the menu choices, and the toast for my (very average) foie gras arrived 5 minutes after the rest of the food, and was cold and burnt.	0
No specials and no crab limited the menu choices, and the toast for my (very average) foie gras arrived 5 minutes after the rest of the food, and was cold and burnt.	16
If I went back, I'd have dinner in the bar--better service and even better atmosphere.	1
If I went back, I'd have dinner in the bar--better service and even better atmosphere.	19
If I went back, I'd have dinner in the bar--better service and even better atmosphere.	5
We felt the waiter and captain rushed us through our meal.	6
We felt the waiter and captain rushed us through our meal.	1
The worst occasion, and the final straw for me was when myself and four friends were told that we could have a table if we moved away from our stools at the bar.	0
The worst occasion, and the final straw for me was when myself and four friends were told that we could have a table if we moved away from our stools at the bar.	19
Servers are layed back, but food arrives rapidly.	6
Servers are layed back, but food arrives rapidly.	2
Wine has had C-Tails at the bar(SUPRISE!!!)	2
Wine has had C-Tails at the bar(SUPRISE!!!)	19
I went there for lunch a couple of times but whenever I went there (even though we pinpointed our order on menu), waitress messed up our order and they never said sorry.	1
I went there for lunch a couple of times but whenever I went there (even though we pinpointed our order on menu), waitress messed up our order and they never said sorry.	16
I went there for lunch a couple of times but whenever I went there (even though we pinpointed our order on menu), waitress messed up our order and they never said sorry.	6
Xunta's tapas dishes were great though a little pricey for small plates.	2
Xunta's tapas dishes were great though a little pricey for small plates.	21
Their Billy-Cheese steak sandwich is very good, too, but last I was there it wasn't on the menu, at least not for dinner anyway.	0
Their Billy-Cheese steak sandwich is very good, too, but last I was there it wasn't on the menu, at least not for dinner anyway.	16
We had the tasting menu -- which was not a meal!!!	17
We had the tasting menu -- which was not a meal!!!	1
We had a very nice and entertaining waitress who was very much on top of our table.	8
We had a very nice and entertaining waitress who was very much on top of our table.	22
Portion was just a bit small compare with other restaurant but the price was lower than usualy as well (7.	21
Portion was just a bit small compare with other restaurant but the price was lower than usualy as well (7.	11
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	10
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	0
We sat soaked in red wine for 20 minutes eating our meals w/o the wine b/c the server saw us like that but did nothing until we stopped him.	1
We sat soaked in red wine for 20 minutes eating our meals w/o the wine b/c the server saw us like that but did nothing until we stopped him.	6
I've eaten at this Zen Palate location a few times, and each time have had the same reaction- I feel the food's sub-par, but decide to give it another chance and order something else.	19
I've eaten at this Zen Palate location a few times, and each time have had the same reaction- I feel the food's sub-par, but decide to give it another chance and order something else.	0
Diners at the bar watch busy chefs scoop lobster salad onto warm brioche rolls.	19
Diners at the bar watch busy chefs scoop lobster salad onto warm brioche rolls.	2
The food and appearance of Alfama is quite nice but the menu is a bit deceptive in that my grilled shrimp (Peri Peri) consisted of an entree plate with three shrimp, no veggies or starch.	2
The food and appearance of Alfama is quite nice but the menu is a bit deceptive in that my grilled shrimp (Peri Peri) consisted of an entree plate with three shrimp, no veggies or starch.	15
My vegetable Napoleon was good; although i first got the veggie burger because the waitress mis-heard and stood my friend up for another 15 minutes of waiting to have it served.	2
My vegetable Napoleon was good; although i first got the veggie burger because the waitress mis-heard and stood my friend up for another 15 minutes of waiting to have it served.	3
Went with a large group of 7 ladies before a show, and the staff was extremely obliging, even when one person was late and we had to wrap up her dinner to take to her.	8
Went with a large group of 7 ladies before a show, and the staff was extremely obliging, even when one person was late and we had to wrap up her dinner to take to her.	1
A cocky, arrogant and shockingly condescending manager (all of 22 years-old) then told us we should leave the restaurant if we wouldn't move to the bar.	6
A cocky, arrogant and shockingly condescending manager (all of 22 years-old) then told us we should leave the restaurant if we wouldn't move to the bar.	19
Then the huffy hostess when we asked to be seated at a table not directly on-top of another couple.	6
Then the huffy hostess when we asked to be seated at a table not directly on-top of another couple.	22
Our waitress left halfway through dinner, without explanation, and was replaced by another waiter.	6
Our waitress left halfway through dinner, without explanation, and was replaced by another waiter.	1
Service during either brunch or dinner could be quicker and more attentive at times.	5
Service during either brunch or dinner could be quicker and more attentive at times.	1
You can undoubtedly get better food and service for the price at other places, but certainly not with those views!	2
You can undoubtedly get better food and service for the price at other places, but certainly not with those views!	10
Not including the tip for our server, who we saw twice in an hour?	10
Not including the tip for our server, who we saw twice in an hour?	6
Other than its impossible reservation (no matter how many months you call in advance, the only available time slots for dinner on a Saturday are always 4:45 or 9:45), Peter Luger is worth the drive over to Brooklyn.	21
Other than its impossible reservation (no matter how many months you call in advance, the only available time slots for dinner on a Saturday are always 4:45 or 9:45), Peter Luger is worth the drive over to Brooklyn.	1
Reservations are no guarantee of prompt seating, have a pre-game drink, pop a xanax and you can handle the drama of having a res and getting no love from the hostess.	22
Reservations are no guarantee of prompt seating, have a pre-game drink, pop a xanax and you can handle the drama of having a res and getting no love from the hostess.	1
Reservations are no guarantee of prompt seating, have a pre-game drink, pop a xanax and you can handle the drama of having a res and getting no love from the hostess.	8
They were out of cherry, so we got a few slices of apple and one key lime.	21
They were out of cherry, so we got a few slices of apple and one key lime.	1
I have no complaints about the wait or the service but the pizza was not at all something to write home about.	5
I have no complaints about the wait or the service but the pizza was not at all something to write home about.	0
and you have to order through a pane of bulletproof glass, but the fact of the matter is, after a night of hard drinkin', college style, nothing hits the spot like a big box of inexpensive chicken and fries.	2
and you have to order through a pane of bulletproof glass, but the fact of the matter is, after a night of hard drinkin', college style, nothing hits the spot like a big box of inexpensive chicken and fries.	22
The snooty manager asked us to leave and gave us our check in the middle of our meal.	6
The snooty manager asked us to leave and gave us our check in the middle of our meal.	1
Maybe go there for the view, but don't bother eating there, go to the bar.	23
Maybe go there for the view, but don't bother eating there, go to the bar.	19
Service was prompt, although at times the waiters seemed to be spending more time dealing with the overflow from the bar than the diners (ever heard of cocktail waiters).	3
Service was prompt, although at times the waiters seemed to be spending more time dealing with the overflow from the bar than the diners (ever heard of cocktail waiters).	19
Service was prompt, although at times the waiters seemed to be spending more time dealing with the overflow from the bar than the diners (ever heard of cocktail waiters).	10
Service was prompt, although at times the waiters seemed to be spending more time dealing with the overflow from the bar than the diners (ever heard of cocktail waiters).	7
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.	2
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.	3
My companion went to the bathroom and overheard the waiter singing near the back of the place The cappuccino machine is broken, It's broken.	19
My companion went to the bathroom and overheard the waiter singing near the back of the place The cappuccino machine is broken, It's broken.	6
I am vegetarian - so this review applies only to the veg portion of their menu.	23
I am vegetarian - so this review applies only to the veg portion of their menu.	16
after such a strong showing, dessert was a letdown per our waiters recommendation, we ordered the raspberry softie the coconut-stuffed apricots the softie tasted like a mixture between cough syrup a starburst, whereas the apricots were extremely sour.	0
after such a strong showing, dessert was a letdown per our waiters recommendation, we ordered the raspberry softie the coconut-stuffed apricots the softie tasted like a mixture between cough syrup a starburst, whereas the apricots were extremely sour.	7
Asked for wine recommendations and the waitress told me her favorites and described them in detail - I don't encounter this much in NYC.	1
Asked for wine recommendations and the waitress told me her favorites and described them in detail - I don't encounter this much in NYC.	8
That being said, they do have a nice lounge area downstairs where you can just hang out, have a seat, and relax (no more waiting out in the cold or at the crowded bar).	3
That being said, they do have a nice lounge area downstairs where you can just hang out, have a seat, and relax (no more waiting out in the cold or at the crowded bar).	20
Just expect to wait a good twenty minutes before they take your order (even when the restaurant is half empty), you'll have to ask at least 5 waiters and a manager for coffee before they bring it to you and when they bring your orders out wrong, expect the manager to side with the chef and not you.	6
Just expect to wait a good twenty minutes before they take your order (even when the restaurant is half empty), you'll have to ask at least 5 waiters and a manager for coffee before they bring it to you and when they bring your orders out wrong, expect the manager to side with the chef and not you.	1
We were not seated by a hostess (and as a result didn't receive menus or water for a good while) and were rushed out as the restaurant closed an hour after we arrived.	6
We were not seated by a hostess (and as a result didn't receive menus or water for a good while) and were rushed out as the restaurant closed an hour after we arrived.	16
Seconds after we permitted our half-eaten fattened goose livers to be whisked away, our waitress materialized, bearing two cold drinks and the chef's profound apologies for the dish - a completely unneccessary but vastly appreciated gesture.	6
Seconds after we permitted our half-eaten fattened goose livers to be whisked away, our waitress materialized, bearing two cold drinks and the chef's profound apologies for the dish - a completely unneccessary but vastly appreciated gesture.	1
Seconds after we permitted our half-eaten fattened goose livers to be whisked away, our waitress materialized, bearing two cold drinks and the chef's profound apologies for the dish - a completely unneccessary but vastly appreciated gesture.	21
When one of our party brazenly asked to substitue a flavor of gelato for one of the desserts on the menu, the waiter snobbishly told us that, Mario and the chef don't like to do that.	1
When one of our party brazenly asked to substitue a flavor of gelato for one of the desserts on the menu, the waiter snobbishly told us that, Mario and the chef don't like to do that.	16
When one of our party brazenly asked to substitue a flavor of gelato for one of the desserts on the menu, the waiter snobbishly told us that, Mario and the chef don't like to do that.	6
Remember the 80's when you have to wait 1-2 hours for a table even though you have a reservation + the wait staff treated you like the idiot that you are for paying $2-300 per head for this treatment, then you should definately come to experience this jewel!!	22
Remember the 80's when you have to wait 1-2 hours for a table even though you have a reservation + the wait staff treated you like the idiot that you are for paying $2-300 per head for this treatment, then you should definately come to experience this jewel!!	6
While the place looks rather small and undecorated, I will definitely go back just for the food.	18
While the place looks rather small and undecorated, I will definitely go back just for the food.	2
I love the complimentary hot salsa and fresh chips that they put on the table !	2
I love the complimentary hot salsa and fresh chips that they put on the table !	22
After ordering our food was brought to our table very quickly despite the huge crowd.	2
After ordering our food was brought to our table very quickly despite the huge crowd.	21
I guess Mars 2112 keeps the food bland for the family fare, but it only serves to detract from its overall experience.	0
I guess Mars 2112 keeps the food bland for the family fare, but it only serves to detract from its overall experience.	10
We had a plate of smoked meats, some stinky cheeses (that's how they were described on the menu), delicious marinated anchovies, and crostini with various vegetable toppings.	2
We had a plate of smoked meats, some stinky cheeses (that's how they were described on the menu), delicious marinated anchovies, and crostini with various vegetable toppings.	16
A good restaurant would have at least comped desert or sent over a round of drinks for such a long wait -- we didn't even get an apology from a manager.	1
A good restaurant would have at least comped desert or sent over a round of drinks for such a long wait -- we didn't even get an apology from a manager.	6
Actually, upon being seated in the tea room, we weren't even offered the tea menus and had to ask for it.	19
Actually, upon being seated in the tea room, we weren't even offered the tea menus and had to ask for it.	15
The Scene Behind the often-fogged windows at this small restaurant is a homey atmosphere, full of smiling employees and Filipino families crowded around simple red tables.	22
The Scene Behind the often-fogged windows at this small restaurant is a homey atmosphere, full of smiling employees and Filipino families crowded around simple red tables.	14
The Scene Behind the often-fogged windows at this small restaurant is a homey atmosphere, full of smiling employees and Filipino families crowded around simple red tables.	8
The Scene Behind the often-fogged windows at this small restaurant is a homey atmosphere, full of smiling employees and Filipino families crowded around simple red tables.	20
The staff was knowledgeable about the cuisine and answered my dining questions with professionalism and style.	8
The staff was knowledgeable about the cuisine and answered my dining questions with professionalism and style.	1
I like to drink a variety of teas, but I've had some here that are really weird that I would avoid next time.	2
I like to drink a variety of teas, but I've had some here that are really weird that I would avoid next time.	22
Sit at the bar, order a glass of wine, and grab an appetizer: they'll also bring you olives, parmesan cheese, a huge loaf of delicious bread and 3 dipping sauces.	19
Sit at the bar, order a glass of wine, and grab an appetizer: they'll also bring you olives, parmesan cheese, a huge loaf of delicious bread and 3 dipping sauces.	2
We recently went for dinner with two kids and the staff were very accomodating even without reservations.	1
We recently went for dinner with two kids and the staff were very accomodating even without reservations.	8
Service was slow (20 minutes wait time before they came back with our drinks, not including 10 minute wait for them to take our drink order).	3
Service was slow (20 minutes wait time before they came back with our drinks, not including 10 minute wait for them to take our drink order).	1
But, as I said, it's a dive bar, so it's not someplace you'd take a high-maintenance individual.	19
But, as I said, it's a dive bar, so it's not someplace you'd take a high-maintenance individual.	21
sometimes i've just ordered arepas and empanadas for my meal; other times, i've split a dinner entree and an appetizer with a friend and been satisfied, since the portions are so huge.	1
sometimes i've just ordered arepas and empanadas for my meal; other times, i've split a dinner entree and an appetizer with a friend and been satisfied, since the portions are so huge.	23
Go there for dinner this time and find it unusually bad in taste and not pleasent service at all.	1
Go there for dinner this time and find it unusually bad in taste and not pleasent service at all.	3
my table of four was not totaly neglected, but there was a lag in how promptly we were being served.	21
my table of four was not totaly neglected, but there was a lag in how promptly we were being served.	5
The waiter was constantly puching us to have drinks, he told us that we were not ordering properly and insisted on bringing to the table his recommendations.	6
The waiter was constantly puching us to have drinks, he told us that we were not ordering properly and insisted on bringing to the table his recommendations.	1
Avoid this restaurant on a busy night at all costs -- they have yet to learn how to make the appropriate number of reservations; the front of the house and the managers are amateurs.	22
Avoid this restaurant on a busy night at all costs -- they have yet to learn how to make the appropriate number of reservations; the front of the house and the managers are amateurs.	6
When we finally had to see the manager because I had lemon juice spilled on me from the waiter- she even took over 10 minutes to come to the table.	6
When we finally had to see the manager because I had lemon juice spilled on me from the waiter- she even took over 10 minutes to come to the table.	22
Worth the trip and the wait (and the higher than average price)?	5
Worth the trip and the wait (and the higher than average price)?	9
The journey may be long and the wait may be longer, but there is nothing that could keep me from this pizza.	3
The journey may be long and the wait may be longer, but there is nothing that could keep me from this pizza.	2
My friend ordered the scallops which were served in a light red sauce that was complemented very nicely with atichoke palms.	4
My friend ordered the scallops which were served in a light red sauce that was complemented very nicely with atichoke palms.	2
Service is not particularly warm, but I've gone back again and again (for dinner) over the years on an almost monthly basis.	3
Service is not particularly warm, but I've gone back again and again (for dinner) over the years on an almost monthly basis.	1
However, another server kept hovering over our table, wanting to take our half-finished plates away.	6
However, another server kept hovering over our table, wanting to take our half-finished plates away.	22
When questioning our server about a certain dish, she kindly brought over the Union Sq.	8
When questioning our server about a certain dish, she kindly brought over the Union Sq.	1
Instead of going to a fun lounge after dinner, as planned, everyone had paid so much, that we went to a dive bar for the rest of the night for cheap drinks.	2
Instead of going to a fun lounge after dinner, as planned, everyone had paid so much, that we went to a dive bar for the rest of the night for cheap drinks.	19
The Food The versatile Austrian menu, fused with French and American, rewards both high and low-end appetites: rich, cheese-laden onion soup, grilled Gruyere and country ham sandwiches and big-bunned burgers are as satisfying as velvety liver terrine with kumquat-cranberry compote, speck and sausage charcuterie and inexpensive cheese plates.	2
The Food The versatile Austrian menu, fused with French and American, rewards both high and low-end appetites: rich, cheese-laden onion soup, grilled Gruyere and country ham sandwiches and big-bunned burgers are as satisfying as velvety liver terrine with kumquat-cranberry compote, speck and sausage charcuterie and inexpensive cheese plates.	16
The Food The versatile Austrian menu, fused with French and American, rewards both high and low-end appetites: rich, cheese-laden onion soup, grilled Gruyere and country ham sandwiches and big-bunned burgers are as satisfying as velvety liver terrine with kumquat-cranberry compote, speck and sausage charcuterie and inexpensive cheese plates.	23
Bar has, french fries, bunch of different vegs and fruits, sushi, ribs (not great, wait for the waiters that come around with the meat).	19
Bar has, french fries, bunch of different vegs and fruits, sushi, ribs (not great, wait for the waiters that come around with the meat).	2
Bar has, french fries, bunch of different vegs and fruits, sushi, ribs (not great, wait for the waiters that come around with the meat).	7
The waiter seemed astounded that I ordered no wine or alcohol -- just water -- with my meal.	6
The waiter seemed astounded that I ordered no wine or alcohol -- just water -- with my meal.	1
The food and drinks held up to eatery's rep and the service was just as good if not better.	1
The food and drinks held up to eatery's rep and the service was just as good if not better.	5
Those who choose an omakase (chef's choice) menu will be happily surprised with accents of jalapeno or swaths of homemade sauce cleverly accenting rolls and sushi alike.	2
Those who choose an omakase (chef's choice) menu will be happily surprised with accents of jalapeno or swaths of homemade sauce cleverly accenting rolls and sushi alike.	7
Those who choose an omakase (chef's choice) menu will be happily surprised with accents of jalapeno or swaths of homemade sauce cleverly accenting rolls and sushi alike.	17
As for the food, apart from the Chef's Omakase, the appetizers and rolls are just below mediocre for the price they charged.	0
As for the food, apart from the Chef's Omakase, the appetizers and rolls are just below mediocre for the price they charged.	7
As for the food, apart from the Chef's Omakase, the appetizers and rolls are just below mediocre for the price they charged.	9
Not only did they refuse to give me any milk but they charged me full price ($9) for plain udon noodles - no broth, veggies, or meat just wet noodles in a bowl.	9
Not only did they refuse to give me any milk but they charged me full price ($9) for plain udon noodles - no broth, veggies, or meat just wet noodles in a bowl.	22
When the ice cream cake I ordered didnt hold up in their regular freezers temperature, Giovanny immediately had a server run out and got an identical cake in 15 minutes.	22
When the ice cream cake I ordered didnt hold up in their regular freezers temperature, Giovanny immediately had a server run out and got an identical cake in 15 minutes.	8
I went on a Saturday night on the recommendation of the new General Manager, Mike who also did Cheetah Club and Le Souk.	2
I went on a Saturday night on the recommendation of the new General Manager, Mike who also did Cheetah Club and Le Souk.	19
I definitely liked the vibe in the restaurant - the food is good with enough variety to please everyone - i'd say the portions were quite skimpy where it counts - meat whether fish or steak- and for those prices this is very irksome.	13
I definitely liked the vibe in the restaurant - the food is good with enough variety to please everyone - i'd say the portions were quite skimpy where it counts - meat whether fish or steak- and for those prices this is very irksome.	2
I definitely liked the vibe in the restaurant - the food is good with enough variety to please everyone - i'd say the portions were quite skimpy where it counts - meat whether fish or steak- and for those prices this is very irksome.	21
At one point, I spilled my water glass--when I informed the waiter of this he said he would clean it up--he never got around to it.	22
At one point, I spilled my water glass--when I informed the waiter of this he said he would clean it up--he never got around to it.	6
Ok, it's not greasy steak and juicy burger good, but it's a light healthy fare, if you are into that kind of stuff.	11
Ok, it's not greasy steak and juicy burger good, but it's a light healthy fare, if you are into that kind of stuff.	7
The food had a somewhat elevated price tag but but fair considering the Nobu origin - The cocktails highly recommended including the spide and lobster roll - we were well plated and did not encounter any arragance from the staff - maybe the other student reviewers are used to cafeteria service.	9
The food had a somewhat elevated price tag but but fair considering the Nobu origin - The cocktails highly recommended including the spide and lobster roll - we were well plated and did not encounter any arragance from the staff - maybe the other student reviewers are used to cafeteria service.	2
The food had a somewhat elevated price tag but but fair considering the Nobu origin - The cocktails highly recommended including the spide and lobster roll - we were well plated and did not encounter any arragance from the staff - maybe the other student reviewers are used to cafeteria service.	23
The food had a somewhat elevated price tag but but fair considering the Nobu origin - The cocktails highly recommended including the spide and lobster roll - we were well plated and did not encounter any arragance from the staff - maybe the other student reviewers are used to cafeteria service.	6
The food had a somewhat elevated price tag but but fair considering the Nobu origin - The cocktails highly recommended including the spide and lobster roll - we were well plated and did not encounter any arragance from the staff - maybe the other student reviewers are used to cafeteria service.	3
The only bad thing was that the third alien was so friendly and took a lot of time at the other tables, so she didn't come see us.	23
The only bad thing was that the third alien was so friendly and took a lot of time at the other tables, so she didn't come see us.	19
After being seated outside by the host, a waitress came over and yelled at us for taking a table that belonged to people waiting at the bar.	6
After being seated outside by the host, a waitress came over and yelled at us for taking a table that belonged to people waiting at the bar.	4
Summary good service, bad food!	5
Summary good service, bad food!	0
We were able to get a table right away on Friday night, but we only saw our server twice and he failed to give us the specials, we overheard him tell the table right next to us after we had ordered and were already into our salads.	6
We were able to get a table right away on Friday night, but we only saw our server twice and he failed to give us the specials, we overheard him tell the table right next to us after we had ordered and were already into our salads.	1
People will literally spend their entire lunch break waiting and for what - an average fastfood burger.	0
People will literally spend their entire lunch break waiting and for what - an average fastfood burger.	4
huuge portions, which made it much easier paying the $350 bill.	23
huuge portions, which made it much easier paying the $350 bill.	10
The Food Brasserie favorites are prepared by the book: Onion soup gratinee bubbles with a thick layer of Gruyere cheese, and grilled shell steak is served medium-rare, with a side of crisp shoestring potatoes.	2
The Food Brasserie favorites are prepared by the book: Onion soup gratinee bubbles with a thick layer of Gruyere cheese, and grilled shell steak is served medium-rare, with a side of crisp shoestring potatoes.	4
Unfortunately, as we were finishing up, the manager hovered around us and asked us to go to the bar to finish our drinks because there were other people waiting.	6
Unfortunately, as we were finishing up, the manager hovered around us and asked us to go to the bar to finish our drinks because there were other people waiting.	19
Unfortunately, as we were finishing up, the manager hovered around us and asked us to go to the bar to finish our drinks because there were other people waiting.	1
Unfortunately, as we were finishing up, the manager hovered around us and asked us to go to the bar to finish our drinks because there were other people waiting.	4
I adore Zen Palate - and both the formal upstairs dining room and the crowded, counter-style cafe downstair, have their pros and cons.	23
I adore Zen Palate - and both the formal upstairs dining room and the crowded, counter-style cafe downstair, have their pros and cons.	1
The last time I went to the restaurant, the waitress made me wait to take my order, then left me without anything to drink throughout the entire meal.	6
The last time I went to the restaurant, the waitress made me wait to take my order, then left me without anything to drink throughout the entire meal.	1
There's very little on their menu if you're trying to avoid cheese and oil - not many grilled entrees at all.	16
There's very little on their menu if you're trying to avoid cheese and oil - not many grilled entrees at all.	0
The entree menu is not diverse, but the items on it are all very good.	15
The entree menu is not diverse, but the items on it are all very good.	2
Our waitress asked us if we wanted anything else, we said only the check - she quickly scooped up our not-yet finished food.	6
Our waitress asked us if we wanted anything else, we said only the check - she quickly scooped up our not-yet finished food.	1
The upside of Zen Palate is the open kitchen, which allows you to watch the cooks at work and removes fears of who only knows what the chefs are doing in the back.	22
The upside of Zen Palate is the open kitchen, which allows you to watch the cooks at work and removes fears of who only knows what the chefs are doing in the back.	19
The upside of Zen Palate is the open kitchen, which allows you to watch the cooks at work and removes fears of who only knows what the chefs are doing in the back.	8
Waiters had to reach over people to deliver food.	6
Waiters had to reach over people to deliver food.	1
The bar bites weren't anything special (we had calamari and wings, very ordinary), but our dinner was phenomonal, as was our service.	19
The bar bites weren't anything special (we had calamari and wings, very ordinary), but our dinner was phenomonal, as was our service.	2
It took the waiter over 30 minutes to get our food because the order was misplaced.	6
It took the waiter over 30 minutes to get our food because the order was misplaced.	1
This seems to be a big hit and draws a large crowd, so be prepared for a wait.	23
This seems to be a big hit and draws a large crowd, so be prepared for a wait.	4
The Scene Though this looks like any other sushi counter, with purple vinyl booths and a koi pond in the small dining room, there are glimpses of superiority.	22
The Scene Though this looks like any other sushi counter, with purple vinyl booths and a koi pond in the small dining room, there are glimpses of superiority.	18
One of my favorite places to get a cup of tea or to have a casual brunch with the newspaper.	1
One of my favorite places to get a cup of tea or to have a casual brunch with the newspaper.	20
(The booths remained unoccupied throughout our meal, unless you count the not-very-busy waitstaff.	1
(The booths remained unoccupied throughout our meal, unless you count the not-very-busy waitstaff.	6
95 all-you-can-eat lunch is tooted as a good deal but a the ambiance is dreadful and you can get a terrific meal, also kosher vegetarian, in peace with service just around the corner for $2 more.	2
95 all-you-can-eat lunch is tooted as a good deal but a the ambiance is dreadful and you can get a terrific meal, also kosher vegetarian, in peace with service just around the corner for $2 more.	4
The place was very crowded usually it is a good indication that the food would be worth the delay.	18
The place was very crowded usually it is a good indication that the food would be worth the delay.	2
Low-fat and low-carb options (such as flatbread) lure in health-conscious diners, while everyone else can sink their teeth into warm, crispy baguettes piled with mesquite chicken or smoked turkey, Philly cheese steaks and more.	23
Low-fat and low-carb options (such as flatbread) lure in health-conscious diners, while everyone else can sink their teeth into warm, crispy baguettes piled with mesquite chicken or smoked turkey, Philly cheese steaks and more.	1
Low-fat and low-carb options (such as flatbread) lure in health-conscious diners, while everyone else can sink their teeth into warm, crispy baguettes piled with mesquite chicken or smoked turkey, Philly cheese steaks and more.	10
Our server seemed to be new because he continually had to go back to the kitchen to check on menu items.	6
Our server seemed to be new because he continually had to go back to the kitchen to check on menu items.	16
I finally cancelled our order, the waiter came back in 5 min with our plates.	6
I finally cancelled our order, the waiter came back in 5 min with our plates.	22
The menu has many dishes that one can't find anywhere in the city.	16
The menu has many dishes that one can't find anywhere in the city.	2
Called to complain and the response was well, we didn't charge you for the falafel sandwich we shorted you.	23
Called to complain and the response was well, we didn't charge you for the falafel sandwich we shorted you.	1
I ordered the strip steak medium - the waiter or the chef reversed our requests.	1
I ordered the strip steak medium - the waiter or the chef reversed our requests.	6
The tasting menu was delivered at a break-neck pace, leaving no time to enjoy the wine or even digest the food.	17
The tasting menu was delivered at a break-neck pace, leaving no time to enjoy the wine or even digest the food.	2
The tasting menu was delivered at a break-neck pace, leaving no time to enjoy the wine or even digest the food.	22
The owner himself one time came to our table to clear our dishes when our waiter didn't show (a rare occurance, but it was late at night).	6
The owner himself one time came to our table to clear our dishes when our waiter didn't show (a rare occurance, but it was late at night).	1
The food is really great but the service is absolutely horrible!	2
The food is really great but the service is absolutely horrible!	3
I went back a different night, once again I can't remember which, probably Friday and the place was a ghost town, with a corny DJ and a waitress who couldn't get my friend's drink right after several tries.	19
I went back a different night, once again I can't remember which, probably Friday and the place was a ghost town, with a corny DJ and a waitress who couldn't get my friend's drink right after several tries.	6
I went back a different night, once again I can't remember which, probably Friday and the place was a ghost town, with a corny DJ and a waitress who couldn't get my friend's drink right after several tries.	1
My next thought was god i could use a few drinks and a bathroom.	0
My next thought was god i could use a few drinks and a bathroom.	19
When asked to compare between two dishes, the server said whatever you like.	1
When asked to compare between two dishes, the server said whatever you like.	6
Start by enjoying the atmosphere while having a glass of wine at the bar and we you are ready, go and enjoy your food!	14
Start by enjoying the atmosphere while having a glass of wine at the bar and we you are ready, go and enjoy your food!	19
Apparently the same hostess was also trying to kick out a group of women having drinks at a table and giving them a hard time for holding up a table.	6
Apparently the same hostess was also trying to kick out a group of women having drinks at a table and giving them a hard time for holding up a table.	1
Needing a sugar fix, my husband and I walked in here to find a wall to wall adornment of delightful confections.	1
Needing a sugar fix, my husband and I walked in here to find a wall to wall adornment of delightful confections.	23
One of our diners didn't like her fish and both the waitress and the manager insisted on replacing it.	0
One of our diners didn't like her fish and both the waitress and the manager insisted on replacing it.	7
My friend and I were the ONLY 2 people in the entire place seated for dinner and after sitting there for 15 minutes, I had to walk over to our surly waiter and ask for menus.	4
My friend and I were the ONLY 2 people in the entire place seated for dinner and after sitting there for 15 minutes, I had to walk over to our surly waiter and ask for menus.	1
My friend and I were the ONLY 2 people in the entire place seated for dinner and after sitting there for 15 minutes, I had to walk over to our surly waiter and ask for menus.	6
The tables weren't bussed and they forgot to make my chai tea, which wasn't all that delicious, not was my friend's coffee.	18
The tables weren't bussed and they forgot to make my chai tea, which wasn't all that delicious, not was my friend's coffee.	2
Don't miss the crema catalana the waiter recommended us for dessert.	8
Don't miss the crema catalana the waiter recommended us for dessert.	1
The place is a little over-priced for brunch but it is a nice restaurant so that was expected Food (i had the omelette with cheddar, mushrooms and herbs), service, coffee, atmosphere were all fantastic.	18
The place is a little over-priced for brunch but it is a nice restaurant so that was expected Food (i had the omelette with cheddar, mushrooms and herbs), service, coffee, atmosphere were all fantastic.	2
The place is a little over-priced for brunch but it is a nice restaurant so that was expected Food (i had the omelette with cheddar, mushrooms and herbs), service, coffee, atmosphere were all fantastic.	5
The place is a little over-priced for brunch but it is a nice restaurant so that was expected Food (i had the omelette with cheddar, mushrooms and herbs), service, coffee, atmosphere were all fantastic.	14
I went for an early dinner the other night and encountered the worst service i have experienced in a long time.	1
I went for an early dinner the other night and encountered the worst service i have experienced in a long time.	3
The hostess told me she could accomodate my group without a reservation but we ended up waiting nearly an hour and were seated in the smallest cramped area.	6
The hostess told me she could accomodate my group without a reservation but we ended up waiting nearly an hour and were seated in the smallest cramped area.	22
The hostess told me she could accomodate my group without a reservation but we ended up waiting nearly an hour and were seated in the smallest cramped area.	18
Super friendly neighboorhood atmosphere where even a lady can go alone and have a drink and feel comfortable.	14
Super friendly neighboorhood atmosphere where even a lady can go alone and have a drink and feel comfortable.	1
If coming to Tea and Anthipathy (yea u heard me) during conventional dining hours, expect a good long wait on the curb till tables open up.	1
If coming to Tea and Anthipathy (yea u heard me) during conventional dining hours, expect a good long wait on the curb till tables open up.	3
Thought I didn't have reservations, the hostess politely informed me that it would be a 45 minute wait and we were actually seated in 40.	22
Thought I didn't have reservations, the hostess politely informed me that it would be a 45 minute wait and we were actually seated in 40.	8
the staff is great, but the food is just ok.	8
the staff is great, but the food is just ok.	0
And Mondays fajita are half price all night.	1
And Mondays fajita are half price all night.	11
The staff is very friendly too~  Everything is wonderful about this place except for the bathroom.	8
The staff is very friendly too~  Everything is wonderful about this place except for the bathroom.	18
To make matters worse an hour into our dinner we see a waiter take mojitos to another table.	1
To make matters worse an hour into our dinner we see a waiter take mojitos to another table.	6
Bringing a large group on a busy Saturday night ,I was afraid quality of food and service might not be up to par, but we were seated promptly and the service by our waitress was fantastic considering how busy it was.	0
Bringing a large group on a busy Saturday night ,I was afraid quality of food and service might not be up to par, but we were seated promptly and the service by our waitress was fantastic considering how busy it was.	5
Bringing a large group on a busy Saturday night ,I was afraid quality of food and service might not be up to par, but we were seated promptly and the service by our waitress was fantastic considering how busy it was.	8
Fifteen minutes later, when we asked about our drinks, another server went to investigate and found that they'd run out of one of the liqueurs they needed and had gone out to get more -- which is fine, but it would've been nice to know.	1
Fifteen minutes later, when we asked about our drinks, another server went to investigate and found that they'd run out of one of the liqueurs they needed and had gone out to get more -- which is fine, but it would've been nice to know.	6
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.	22
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.	5
After 45 mins of waiting in an sans air conditioned bar, we grew tired of paying for over-priced drinks.	19
After 45 mins of waiting in an sans air conditioned bar, we grew tired of paying for over-priced drinks.	0
PLUS the best wine can be found in the bar but they refused to sell us a bottle!!	2
PLUS the best wine can be found in the bar but they refused to sell us a bottle!!	19
I recently attended a celebratory dinner here and I just want to warn everyone that the service is the worst I have ever experienced!	1
I recently attended a celebratory dinner here and I just want to warn everyone that the service is the worst I have ever experienced!	3
It's very cheap, food is great you can bring your own bottle of wine (saves sooo much money) The waiters will uncork it bring you glasses too !	2
It's very cheap, food is great you can bring your own bottle of wine (saves sooo much money) The waiters will uncork it bring you glasses too !	8
It's very cheap, food is great you can bring your own bottle of wine (saves sooo much money) The waiters will uncork it bring you glasses too !	22
The Scene Inconspicuous Bottino is an ideal stop for a light lunch or full dinner while gallery-hopping through Chelsea.	22
The Scene Inconspicuous Bottino is an ideal stop for a light lunch or full dinner while gallery-hopping through Chelsea.	2
Our lovely waiter sent us off with scones for breakfast the following AM!	8
Our lovely waiter sent us off with scones for breakfast the following AM!	1
Our waiter took his sweet time bringing the menus and telling us the specials and it wasn't until almost 10:15 that we put our order in.	8
Our waiter took his sweet time bringing the menus and telling us the specials and it wasn't until almost 10:15 that we put our order in.	16
Our waiter took his sweet time bringing the menus and telling us the specials and it wasn't until almost 10:15 that we put our order in.	1
On the menu, there are many inexpensive snacks, drinks and meals to choose from.	16
On the menu, there are many inexpensive snacks, drinks and meals to choose from.	2
The presentation was clever, and the food tasty however the service that accompanied it was so slow it made us feel neglected.	23
The presentation was clever, and the food tasty however the service that accompanied it was so slow it made us feel neglected.	2
The presentation was clever, and the food tasty however the service that accompanied it was so slow it made us feel neglected.	3
I especially love the korean dish's they add into there menu consider its 2 for 1 its hard not to resist with asian cuisine being so expensive in all in New York.	2
I especially love the korean dish's they add into there menu consider its 2 for 1 its hard not to resist with asian cuisine being so expensive in all in New York.	16
While the people here were nice and the service was very good, the food was not very good - it was extremely greasy, the place did not offer alternatives such as egg whites and PAM spray instead of oil, coffee was average Crystal Rock Office Flavored Coffee - not the good coffee.	5
While the people here were nice and the service was very good, the food was not very good - it was extremely greasy, the place did not offer alternatives such as egg whites and PAM spray instead of oil, coffee was average Crystal Rock Office Flavored Coffee - not the good coffee.	0
SQC is great in the evening, the light is excellent and it's perfect to sit at the bar, eat oysters on the half shell and have a glass of wine.	14
SQC is great in the evening, the light is excellent and it's perfect to sit at the bar, eat oysters on the half shell and have a glass of wine.	19
SQC is great in the evening, the light is excellent and it's perfect to sit at the bar, eat oysters on the half shell and have a glass of wine.	1
great trendy spot for a night out but to be honest the food was not worth the cost.	23
great trendy spot for a night out but to be honest the food was not worth the cost.	0
I would have told the wait staff if anyone had asked me if I enjoyed my meal, but no one asked.	6
I would have told the wait staff if anyone had asked me if I enjoyed my meal, but no one asked.	2
Upstairs they have an entirely separate hostess, as if it was a different restaurant all together, where after being asked once again if we had a reservation we were seated in a small seat, in the corner, of a practically empty room.	6
Upstairs they have an entirely separate hostess, as if it was a different restaurant all together, where after being asked once again if we had a reservation we were seated in a small seat, in the corner, of a practically empty room.	22
And although I've noticed that the prices have gone up a little since they opened, it's still a great menu.	9
And although I've noticed that the prices have gone up a little since they opened, it's still a great menu.	17
Service was a little but flawed, (they brought us beers without the glasses brought the main course out before cleaning off the appetizers) but nothing that would ruin your evening.	3
Service was a little but flawed, (they brought us beers without the glasses brought the main course out before cleaning off the appetizers) but nothing that would ruin your evening.	1
Service was a little but flawed, (they brought us beers without the glasses brought the main course out before cleaning off the appetizers) but nothing that would ruin your evening.	22
With only 2 tables occupied in the whole place, the waitress spent her time behind the bar and only came to help us when we got up and asked her to.	19
With only 2 tables occupied in the whole place, the waitress spent her time behind the bar and only came to help us when we got up and asked her to.	6
As we attempted to digest our meal and browse the dessert menu, the same staff members approached us to move along our order.	1
As we attempted to digest our meal and browse the dessert menu, the same staff members approached us to move along our order.	16
As we attempted to digest our meal and browse the dessert menu, the same staff members approached us to move along our order.	6
I went there for lunch with co-workers and found the service to be prompt and very friendly.	1
I went there for lunch with co-workers and found the service to be prompt and very friendly.	5
They moved us upstairs to an area where they were setting up for a private party -- we had no server, and had to flag down people setting up for the party to get us drinks, silverware, water, etc.	6
They moved us upstairs to an area where they were setting up for a private party -- we had no server, and had to flag down people setting up for the party to get us drinks, silverware, water, etc.	1
When we received the bill, we asked the manager to do something about the drinks, considering how poor the service was and her reply was, Well, you got them!	10
When we received the bill, we asked the manager to do something about the drinks, considering how poor the service was and her reply was, Well, you got them!	8
When we received the bill, we asked the manager to do something about the drinks, considering how poor the service was and her reply was, Well, you got them!	1
When we received the bill, we asked the manager to do something about the drinks, considering how poor the service was and her reply was, Well, you got them!	3
I had a party of 9 reservation and was very disappointed at the service.	22
I had a party of 9 reservation and was very disappointed at the service.	3
Our apetizers took quite a while to be served, in fact, while all the other tables that sat way after us were being served I asked the waiter what happened to our appetizers, the calamari was tough; The entrees were tasteless and really!, one have to be really bad to mess a simple pasta dish.	0
Our apetizers took quite a while to be served, in fact, while all the other tables that sat way after us were being served I asked the waiter what happened to our appetizers, the calamari was tough; The entrees were tasteless and really!, one have to be really bad to mess a simple pasta dish.	19
Our apetizers took quite a while to be served, in fact, while all the other tables that sat way after us were being served I asked the waiter what happened to our appetizers, the calamari was tough; The entrees were tasteless and really!, one have to be really bad to mess a simple pasta dish.	6
Expect a crowd while waiting, but they seat quickly.	21
Expect a crowd while waiting, but they seat quickly.	4
I must admit the times my family (6 or more) have had dinner there the service seemed to forget us after serving the main course.	1
I must admit the times my family (6 or more) have had dinner there the service seemed to forget us after serving the main course.	3
We were seated promptly, and after an inordinate wait, somebody took our drink order and disappeared for half an hour.	3
We were seated promptly, and after an inordinate wait, somebody took our drink order and disappeared for half an hour.	1
Although the atmosphere was lacking, I could definitely recommend a trip to Esca for the fish alone!	12
Although the atmosphere was lacking, I could definitely recommend a trip to Esca for the fish alone!	2
Though it might be a wait and the service might leave a little to be desired, anyone that has ever eaten there agrees that the food is worth it.	3
Though it might be a wait and the service might leave a little to be desired, anyone that has ever eaten there agrees that the food is worth it.	2
Best Baked Ziti in the area, great classic NY pizza.	2
Best Baked Ziti in the area, great classic NY pizza.	19
We had reservations, and so did the strangers, and yet the management claimed the other tables were reserved.	22
We had reservations, and so did the strangers, and yet the management claimed the other tables were reserved.	6
We had reservations, and so did the strangers, and yet the management claimed the other tables were reserved.	19
The Scene North Square's discreet, sedate decor appeals to the largley older crowd occupying the dining room whilst a younger set parties in the back bar.	23
The Scene North Square's discreet, sedate decor appeals to the largley older crowd occupying the dining room whilst a younger set parties in the back bar.	14
The Scene North Square's discreet, sedate decor appeals to the largley older crowd occupying the dining room whilst a younger set parties in the back bar.	19
When I asked the waitress she told me it was because I ordered pancakes.	6
When I asked the waitress she told me it was because I ordered pancakes.	1
We went out on the town with the idea that we were going to mingle with the in crowd, you know, go to a place where you pay an outrageous cover charge, have to wear all black to fit in, and pay $12 for a watered-down martini, and if you're lucky, have a good time.	1
We went out on the town with the idea that we were going to mingle with the in crowd, you know, go to a place where you pay an outrageous cover charge, have to wear all black to fit in, and pay $12 for a watered-down martini, and if you're lucky, have a good time.	23
Much has been made of Island's lack of french fries--space and cost are cited on the menu--but an order of thick crispy salt and vinegar chips almost satisfies the craving.	0
Much has been made of Island's lack of french fries--space and cost are cited on the menu--but an order of thick crispy salt and vinegar chips almost satisfies the craving.	19
Much has been made of Island's lack of french fries--space and cost are cited on the menu--but an order of thick crispy salt and vinegar chips almost satisfies the craving.	16
Service was atrocious: appetizers came out 3 minutes after we ordered, and 10 minutes before we finally tracked down the bottle of wine we had ordered, the waiter rushed us from start to finish, we had to repeatedly track down someone to pour us more wine since it wasn't at the table, etc, etc.	3
Service was atrocious: appetizers came out 3 minutes after we ordered, and 10 minutes before we finally tracked down the bottle of wine we had ordered, the waiter rushed us from start to finish, we had to repeatedly track down someone to pour us more wine since it wasn't at the table, etc, etc.	1
Service was atrocious: appetizers came out 3 minutes after we ordered, and 10 minutes before we finally tracked down the bottle of wine we had ordered, the waiter rushed us from start to finish, we had to repeatedly track down someone to pour us more wine since it wasn't at the table, etc, etc.	6
mapQuest before you go and you'll arrive early enough start off at the bar with a fabulous old school cocktail.	19
mapQuest before you go and you'll arrive early enough start off at the bar with a fabulous old school cocktail.	2
The white tablecloths covering closely-packed, old wood tables; waitresses with accents and up-turned noses; warm firelight ambience; boisterous crowds drinking wine -- it's all here.	7
The white tablecloths covering closely-packed, old wood tables; waitresses with accents and up-turned noses; warm firelight ambience; boisterous crowds drinking wine -- it's all here.	2
My appetizer of endive and bleu cheese salad was a surprisingly large serving which balanced the striped bass entree (served on a bed of vegetables).	1
My appetizer of endive and bleu cheese salad was a surprisingly large serving which balanced the striped bass entree (served on a bed of vegetables).	5
When we got there, they refused to seat us because our 4th wasn't there yet-even thought there were only two other people there and we assured them we would order some starters and drinks.	21
When we got there, they refused to seat us because our 4th wasn't there yet-even thought there were only two other people there and we assured them we would order some starters and drinks.	1
Great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.	2
Great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.	12
Though the service leaves a lot to be desired, and the waitstaff runs around like chickens without heads, the beer is cold, the sake is hot, and the sushi is out of this world!	3
Though the service leaves a lot to be desired, and the waitstaff runs around like chickens without heads, the beer is cold, the sake is hot, and the sushi is out of this world!	6
Though the service leaves a lot to be desired, and the waitstaff runs around like chickens without heads, the beer is cold, the sake is hot, and the sushi is out of this world!	2
People waiting for tables stand at a drink rail next to large windows which open out over a leafy garden in the summertime.	4
People waiting for tables stand at a drink rail next to large windows which open out over a leafy garden in the summertime.	1
People waiting for tables stand at a drink rail next to large windows which open out over a leafy garden in the summertime.	23
When the group arrived for the Noon lunch the restaurant was only partially set up and the group was forced to eat lunch while the staff noisily set up the restaurant around them.	1
When the group arrived for the Noon lunch the restaurant was only partially set up and the group was forced to eat lunch while the staff noisily set up the restaurant around them.	6
About 10 of us came here for drinks last friday, the atmosphere was good for chatting and hanging out, but not enough lounge or bar space, they should open up the back area w/ more loungable chairs or booths if they want to catch any after dinner sort of bar crowd.	1
About 10 of us came here for drinks last friday, the atmosphere was good for chatting and hanging out, but not enough lounge or bar space, they should open up the back area w/ more loungable chairs or booths if they want to catch any after dinner sort of bar crowd.	14
About 10 of us came here for drinks last friday, the atmosphere was good for chatting and hanging out, but not enough lounge or bar space, they should open up the back area w/ more loungable chairs or booths if they want to catch any after dinner sort of bar crowd.	19
The waiters can shoot off a 5 minute long list of specials, and they know the menu very well.	8
The waiters can shoot off a 5 minute long list of specials, and they know the menu very well.	16
My friends and I went to dinner last weekend and had a great time.	1
My friends and I went to dinner last weekend and had a great time.	23
beside i have to wait long time with my food, waiter service ok but unfriendly.	1
beside i have to wait long time with my food, waiter service ok but unfriendly.	3
Our waiter said 3 words to us, wisked away our food as we were finishing, and the maitre'd could not take his eyes off our table waiting for us to leave.	6
Our waiter said 3 words to us, wisked away our food as we were finishing, and the maitre'd could not take his eyes off our table waiting for us to leave.	0
Our waiter said 3 words to us, wisked away our food as we were finishing, and the maitre'd could not take his eyes off our table waiting for us to leave.	4
The only downside was our waitress -- she forgot to order one of our side dishes, was not attentive, and then gave us our check before we finished our bottle of wine.	6
The only downside was our waitress -- she forgot to order one of our side dishes, was not attentive, and then gave us our check before we finished our bottle of wine.	1
I spent more time looking for a waiter than I did enjoying my meal.	6
I spent more time looking for a waiter than I did enjoying my meal.	2
After sitting at the table with empty glasses for a 1/2 hour, we had to ask the busboys to get us drinks as our waiter was nowhere to be found.	22
After sitting at the table with empty glasses for a 1/2 hour, we had to ask the busboys to get us drinks as our waiter was nowhere to be found.	1
After sitting at the table with empty glasses for a 1/2 hour, we had to ask the busboys to get us drinks as our waiter was nowhere to be found.	6
The texture of their flat noodles is something that has to be experienced to understand.	21
The texture of their flat noodles is something that has to be experienced to understand.	1
The only thing that was a little annoying was that the hostess didnt want to let us finish our first drinks at the bar and kept rushing us to sit down.	6
The only thing that was a little annoying was that the hostess didnt want to let us finish our first drinks at the bar and kept rushing us to sit down.	1
The only thing that was a little annoying was that the hostess didnt want to let us finish our first drinks at the bar and kept rushing us to sit down.	19
You get plenty of food for the price, enough leftovers for lunch and they actually serve garlic chicken with lots of chicken and chinese vegetables.	2
You get plenty of food for the price, enough leftovers for lunch and they actually serve garlic chicken with lots of chicken and chinese vegetables.	10
We heard two different servers telling tables about these specials, and when we asked to hear them, they wouldn't tell us them.	6
We heard two different servers telling tables about these specials, and when we asked to hear them, they wouldn't tell us them.	1
the service was slow took ten mins to get me a glass of water.	3
the service was slow took ten mins to get me a glass of water.	22
the service was slow took ten mins to get me a glass of water.	1
The freshness of the ingredients down to the perfection of the crust, it is truly the best.	2
The freshness of the ingredients down to the perfection of the crust, it is truly the best.	13
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	17
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	0
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	6
The waiter, and someone at the next table, were both correct when they said that the lobster was delicious, but I though the price was a little steep.	8
The waiter, and someone at the next table, were both correct when they said that the lobster was delicious, but I though the price was a little steep.	2
The waiter, and someone at the next table, were both correct when they said that the lobster was delicious, but I though the price was a little steep.	9
The wait staff is very attentive; though if the place is really packed, then you may have to flag someone.	8
The wait staff is very attentive; though if the place is really packed, then you may have to flag someone.	18
They were rude, didn't know their drinks and were unable to demonstrate any professionalism in their service mentality.	1
They were rude, didn't know their drinks and were unable to demonstrate any professionalism in their service mentality.	3
But the service was absolutely terrible, and we watied 45 minutes for food.	3
But the service was absolutely terrible, and we watied 45 minutes for food.	1
Yes, the prices SEEM afordable, but the portions are so small that you end up spending $100+ just to fill 2 people and get a couple drinks.	11
Yes, the prices SEEM afordable, but the portions are so small that you end up spending $100+ just to fill 2 people and get a couple drinks.	21
Yes, the prices SEEM afordable, but the portions are so small that you end up spending $100+ just to fill 2 people and get a couple drinks.	1
The food was good but we were dissatisfied with waiting too long for a uncomfortable table.	2
The food was good but we were dissatisfied with waiting too long for a uncomfortable table.	3
I asked the waiter to move us to another table because we didn't want to rush our meal.	7
I asked the waiter to move us to another table because we didn't want to rush our meal.	22
I asked the waiter to move us to another table because we didn't want to rush our meal.	0
Like the other Bromberg Brothers establishments, expect the customer is always wrong attitude from the staff along with overpriced wines you never heard of, no bar, tiny waiting area and lousy desserts.	22
Like the other Bromberg Brothers establishments, expect the customer is always wrong attitude from the staff along with overpriced wines you never heard of, no bar, tiny waiting area and lousy desserts.	6
Like the other Bromberg Brothers establishments, expect the customer is always wrong attitude from the staff along with overpriced wines you never heard of, no bar, tiny waiting area and lousy desserts.	0
Like the other Bromberg Brothers establishments, expect the customer is always wrong attitude from the staff along with overpriced wines you never heard of, no bar, tiny waiting area and lousy desserts.	18
Service was horrendous the night we went for dinner.	3
Service was horrendous the night we went for dinner.	1
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.	7
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.	9
The sangria was served quickly and often.	1
The sangria was served quickly and often.	5
The servers and/or bus persons dart back and forth through the dining room, never even making eye contact to see if you have any needs.	8
The servers and/or bus persons dart back and forth through the dining room, never even making eye contact to see if you have any needs.	19
We ordered coffee, and then he ordered a bacon cheeseburger (for $12, ridiculous even for New York) The waiter then announced he was going to charge us a $4 sharing charge.	1
We ordered coffee, and then he ordered a bacon cheeseburger (for $12, ridiculous even for New York) The waiter then announced he was going to charge us a $4 sharing charge.	6
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.	19
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.	2
We were seated promptly for a Saturday lunch, but service was incredibly slow.	1
We were seated promptly for a Saturday lunch, but service was incredibly slow.	3
The Scene With its long zinc bar, plush couches and patterned suede walls, the lounge is a swank spot for midtown's cocktail crowd.	23
The Scene With its long zinc bar, plush couches and patterned suede walls, the lounge is a swank spot for midtown's cocktail crowd.	19
The menu offers favorites from all over China: mellow Lake Tung-Ting shrimp from Hunan; peppery Sichuan tofu with minced pork; and Shanghainese soups with pickled mustard greens.	16
The menu offers favorites from all over China: mellow Lake Tung-Ting shrimp from Hunan; peppery Sichuan tofu with minced pork; and Shanghainese soups with pickled mustard greens.	2
My only complaint is waiting a bit between the appetizer and the main course but it was well worth it.	3
My only complaint is waiting a bit between the appetizer and the main course but it was well worth it.	1
The atmosphere was fun and if you sit by the window, there is a lot of people-watching to be had!	14
The atmosphere was fun and if you sit by the window, there is a lot of people-watching to be had!	22
Despite talking to the weekday manager on the prior Monday, who gave me a hard time but agreed to make a reservation for me since my group was so big.	6
Despite talking to the weekday manager on the prior Monday, who gave me a hard time but agreed to make a reservation for me since my group was so big.	22
The service could be better but the management (Mariano) is quite helpful if there are any problems.	4
The service could be better but the management (Mariano) is quite helpful if there are any problems.	2
There are no price listed in the menu, and she will not provid them with a smile.	9
There are no price listed in the menu, and she will not provid them with a smile.	16
As we were finishing our dessert, a nearby waitress dropped a tray and HOT CHOCOLATE SAUCE splattered all over my neck, hair and sweater and my boyfriend's clothes.	1
As we were finishing our dessert, a nearby waitress dropped a tray and HOT CHOCOLATE SAUCE splattered all over my neck, hair and sweater and my boyfriend's clothes.	6
The manager refused to talk to me sending the waiter to tell me to tell me that he was not available, when I had previously seen him doing absolutely nothing at the bar.	6
The manager refused to talk to me sending the waiter to tell me to tell me that he was not available, when I had previously seen him doing absolutely nothing at the bar.	19
The menu consists of a tasting selection, Austrian, traditional American, and the chef's recommended menu.	23
The menu consists of a tasting selection, Austrian, traditional American, and the chef's recommended menu.	7
And forget about having a drink at the bar to take the edge off because the space between tables is so narrow that you'll be shoved by the wait staff who are desparate to get their job done.	1
And forget about having a drink at the bar to take the edge off because the space between tables is so narrow that you'll be shoved by the wait staff who are desparate to get their job done.	19
And forget about having a drink at the bar to take the edge off because the space between tables is so narrow that you'll be shoved by the wait staff who are desparate to get their job done.	6
Also, try to get a seat at the main bar, because I sat at the smaller bar by the entrance and it was getting so crowded with people waiting that it became a bit unpleasant towards to end of the meal.	22
Also, try to get a seat at the main bar, because I sat at the smaller bar by the entrance and it was getting so crowded with people waiting that it became a bit unpleasant towards to end of the meal.	19
Also, try to get a seat at the main bar, because I sat at the smaller bar by the entrance and it was getting so crowded with people waiting that it became a bit unpleasant towards to end of the meal.	3
Also, try to get a seat at the main bar, because I sat at the smaller bar by the entrance and it was getting so crowded with people waiting that it became a bit unpleasant towards to end of the meal.	1
The sandwiches, platters, and pitzas are top notch too, but I could make a meal just out of their pita bread and babaganoush.	23
The sandwiches, platters, and pitzas are top notch too, but I could make a meal just out of their pita bread and babaganoush.	1
(The band is positioned in front of the windows, in a space roughly the size of a living room.	8
(The band is positioned in front of the windows, in a space roughly the size of a living room.	19
At dinner on a Saturday night, I was enthused by the bustling, unpretentious crowd and the lusciously warm lighting.	1
At dinner on a Saturday night, I was enthused by the bustling, unpretentious crowd and the lusciously warm lighting.	14
Definitely make reservations if you can -- they'll honor them, and you can skip the massive wait!	22
Definitely make reservations if you can -- they'll honor them, and you can skip the massive wait!	3
It's the New York you thought was long gone; orders are spoken, not yelled, and the staff knows the names of patrons' dogs.	6
It's the New York you thought was long gone; orders are spoken, not yelled, and the staff knows the names of patrons' dogs.	1
Their service can use a little assistance, but their food is great.	3
Their service can use a little assistance, but their food is great.	2
I told the waiter that my drink tasted very bad and asked if he could swap it out for a Petron Margarita.	7
I told the waiter that my drink tasted very bad and asked if he could swap it out for a Petron Margarita.	0
The waiters, all wearing black suits, are serious, courteous, and knowledgeable; the dining rooms are ornate and convivial, with large parties celebrating various things interspersed with dressed-up couples on dates.	6
The waiters, all wearing black suits, are serious, courteous, and knowledgeable; the dining rooms are ornate and convivial, with large parties celebrating various things interspersed with dressed-up couples on dates.	23
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.	19
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.	23
The overpriced ice cream is delicious but the service is atrocious - not only do I have to wait to be admitted into this ice cream joint, but the waiter is a snide, gruff man more suited to be a trucker than an ice cream shop server.	3
The overpriced ice cream is delicious but the service is atrocious - not only do I have to wait to be admitted into this ice cream joint, but the waiter is a snide, gruff man more suited to be a trucker than an ice cream shop server.	1
We didn't see him the rest of the night, the other courses come out sporadically, and no one ever asked if we wanted more wine (which we did) or refilled our water -- even after we flagged down another waiter, nothing happened.	1
We didn't see him the rest of the night, the other courses come out sporadically, and no one ever asked if we wanted more wine (which we did) or refilled our water -- even after we flagged down another waiter, nothing happened.	6
After demanding a free round of drinks from a third manager, our party decided to bail on this horrific french import.	1
After demanding a free round of drinks from a third manager, our party decided to bail on this horrific french import.	6
You have to wait in line most of the time, but the burgers are worth it and the beer is cheap.	3
You have to wait in line most of the time, but the burgers are worth it and the beer is cheap.	2
We had a reservation for Monday lunch and were seated promptly, which was a pleasant surprise.	22
We had a reservation for Monday lunch and were seated promptly, which was a pleasant surprise.	1
We had a reservation for Monday lunch and were seated promptly, which was a pleasant surprise.	5
Maybe it was the choices the chefs had put on the Restaurant Week Menu, but much of our food was just so-so.	16
Maybe it was the choices the chefs had put on the Restaurant Week Menu, but much of our food was just so-so.	0
Our dinner was enhanced by a 1999 Pinot Grigio, recmmended by the waitress.	1
Our dinner was enhanced by a 1999 Pinot Grigio, recmmended by the waitress.	8
And the ambience is very cool, stop by on a Saturday afternoon and you can play some old school games while having a beer.	14
And the ambience is very cool, stop by on a Saturday afternoon and you can play some old school games while having a beer.	1
The waitress even gave us a complimentary dessert- warm chocolate lava cake with a scoop of cinnamon ice cream, what a perfect end to a perfect dinner!	8
The waitress even gave us a complimentary dessert- warm chocolate lava cake with a scoop of cinnamon ice cream, what a perfect end to a perfect dinner!	1
The menu can give you price shock but the food, service and drinks are worth every stinking penny.	16
The menu can give you price shock but the food, service and drinks are worth every stinking penny.	10
The menu can give you price shock but the food, service and drinks are worth every stinking penny.	2
The menu can give you price shock but the food, service and drinks are worth every stinking penny.	5
However, the service was so excellent, we added $10 to the tip!	5
However, the service was so excellent, we added $10 to the tip!	10
After the rude waitress took our order we were sipping our drinks when the manager comes over and says we have to leave as the tables are reserved for dinner patrons.	6
After the rude waitress took our order we were sipping our drinks when the manager comes over and says we have to leave as the tables are reserved for dinner patrons.	1
Don't know if the bar is really that bad, BUT the food would more than compensate!	18
Don't know if the bar is really that bad, BUT the food would more than compensate!	2
We were promptly seated - the waitress was very attentive, got us drinks and menus.	8
We were promptly seated - the waitress was very attentive, got us drinks and menus.	1
We were promptly seated - the waitress was very attentive, got us drinks and menus.	16
The staff was courteous and explained the menu with detail.	8
The staff was courteous and explained the menu with detail.	22
I think I'm going to start taking the food and coffee to go b/c everytime I go there (which is quite often) I get more frustrated with the service.	1
I think I'm going to start taking the food and coffee to go b/c everytime I go there (which is quite often) I get more frustrated with the service.	3
The best aspect of Dylan Prime is that it's a perfect spot for a first date, a business dinner, a casual night-on-the-town or even just a quite bite at lunch.	23
The best aspect of Dylan Prime is that it's a perfect spot for a first date, a business dinner, a casual night-on-the-town or even just a quite bite at lunch.	1
We too had reservations but the gentleman never checked a book to see our names or check us off.	22
We too had reservations but the gentleman never checked a book to see our names or check us off.	6
The host was aloof; my waitress, though sweet, didn't seem to know the food or the menu very well; and the waiter we flagged over to order our wine seemed as if he had never looked at the wine list before.	6
The host was aloof; my waitress, though sweet, didn't seem to know the food or the menu very well; and the waiter we flagged over to order our wine seemed as if he had never looked at the wine list before.	16
The host was aloof; my waitress, though sweet, didn't seem to know the food or the menu very well; and the waiter we flagged over to order our wine seemed as if he had never looked at the wine list before.	1
Our food was delivered in a timely fashion but if you wanted another drink or your check you had to hunt down your server.	2
Our food was delivered in a timely fashion but if you wanted another drink or your check you had to hunt down your server.	10
The waiter knew his menu and what to recommend.	8
The waiter knew his menu and what to recommend.	16
I liked the beer selection!	23
I liked the beer selection!	1
The manager never came to our table and the restaurant didn't offer anything to compensate for the error (they could have taken the two cocktails off the check ).	6
The manager never came to our table and the restaurant didn't offer anything to compensate for the error (they could have taken the two cocktails off the check ).	1
The waiter did not know the menu, and was very unaccomidating about substutions.	6
The waiter did not know the menu, and was very unaccomidating about substutions.	16
There was a ten minute wait with a reservation, but the bar kept us entertained.	4
There was a ten minute wait with a reservation, but the bar kept us entertained.	22
There was a ten minute wait with a reservation, but the bar kept us entertained.	20
I don't expect an enormous, heaping plate of food, but c'mon.	23
I don't expect an enormous, heaping plate of food, but c'mon.	1
Generous portions of rice porridge and noodles really hit the spot after fighting the crowds on a busy weekend in Chinatown.	2
Generous portions of rice porridge and noodles really hit the spot after fighting the crowds on a busy weekend in Chinatown.	21
With so many $20 bottles of wines from which to choose, our waiter helped pick a good one.	1
With so many $20 bottles of wines from which to choose, our waiter helped pick a good one.	8
It's a small and quaint place so have your expectations in check, but that doesn't mean anything bad - know going in that you are gonna eat some serious food!	18
It's a small and quaint place so have your expectations in check, but that doesn't mean anything bad - know going in that you are gonna eat some serious food!	10
It's a small and quaint place so have your expectations in check, but that doesn't mean anything bad - know going in that you are gonna eat some serious food!	0
Relaxed neighborhooders treat the spot like a second home, calling the staff by name and lingering despite the smallish bar and hurried courses.	23
Relaxed neighborhooders treat the spot like a second home, calling the staff by name and lingering despite the smallish bar and hurried courses.	8
Relaxed neighborhooders treat the spot like a second home, calling the staff by name and lingering despite the smallish bar and hurried courses.	19
The party space worked out well for our rehearsal dinner.	20
The party space worked out well for our rehearsal dinner.	1
The Wasa Waffle was different but when we spoke to the manager he inmediatly changed if for another dish (He suggested the Chocolate decadence French Toast.	22
The Wasa Waffle was different but when we spoke to the manager he inmediatly changed if for another dish (He suggested the Chocolate decadence French Toast.	8
The Wasa Waffle was different but when we spoke to the manager he inmediatly changed if for another dish (He suggested the Chocolate decadence French Toast.	1
We waited 30 minutes to be seated, 40 minutes for water, bread, menus, 30 more for wine and soft drinks and when the food finally arrived an hour later, it was inedible, burned on top from sitting under a heat lamp.	2
We waited 30 minutes to be seated, 40 minutes for water, bread, menus, 30 more for wine and soft drinks and when the food finally arrived an hour later, it was inedible, burned on top from sitting under a heat lamp.	16
Meals not served at once and service was inattentive and forgetful.	1
Meals not served at once and service was inattentive and forgetful.	3
Seated in the upstairs part of the restaurant my party and I were subjected to rude, abrupt service and unmercifully long waits for our food.	3
Seated in the upstairs part of the restaurant my party and I were subjected to rude, abrupt service and unmercifully long waits for our food.	1
The food is very good for the price.	2
The food is very good for the price.	10
The good service started from the moment we walked in the front door.	5
The good service started from the moment we walked in the front door.	22
The owner lied to me when i asked where our food was 1 hour after we placed the order - he said oh your friend said you were not ready for it.	6
The owner lied to me when i asked where our food was 1 hour after we placed the order - he said oh your friend said you were not ready for it.	1
Now, I expressed my surprise and then the bartender and manager chimed in with a simpleton's remark sir, with restaurants at this time, reservations start coming in.	6
Now, I expressed my surprise and then the bartender and manager chimed in with a simpleton's remark sir, with restaurants at this time, reservations start coming in.	22
Never heard anything about a minimum required food order of $30 or had any bad experiences with the staff.	1
Never heard anything about a minimum required food order of $30 or had any bad experiences with the staff.	6
we saw another waitress spill hot coffee on another diner's foot.	6
we saw another waitress spill hot coffee on another diner's foot.	1
Our waiter took his time taking our drink orders ('97 Italian red was good).	8
Our waiter took his time taking our drink orders ('97 Italian red was good).	1
we wanted to join another 2 top table to ours and the manager abruptly said, that won't work for us!	22
we wanted to join another 2 top table to ours and the manager abruptly said, that won't work for us!	6
I've heard all the complaints about food and staff at this place, and perhaps some people have had an unfortunate encounter with the host or a cranky waiter.	0
I've heard all the complaints about food and staff at this place, and perhaps some people have had an unfortunate encounter with the host or a cranky waiter.	6
I've heard all the complaints about food and staff at this place, and perhaps some people have had an unfortunate encounter with the host or a cranky waiter.	19
I waited for 45 minutes for my entree to realize that the waiter never put the order in.	1
I waited for 45 minutes for my entree to realize that the waiter never put the order in.	6
Got a seat quick, and had some weird fill-out order form for a hard to understand menu.	23
Got a seat quick, and had some weird fill-out order form for a hard to understand menu.	15
We waited in standing at the entrance for 5 mins to get seats due to just slow service, another 10mins to get menu, and then another 10mins to get water bread.	3
We waited in standing at the entrance for 5 mins to get seats due to just slow service, another 10mins to get menu, and then another 10mins to get water bread.	16
We waited in standing at the entrance for 5 mins to get seats due to just slow service, another 10mins to get menu, and then another 10mins to get water bread.	1
The guacamole at $7 is a small portion served with a stack of Si!Ortega flat taco shells.	1
The guacamole at $7 is a small portion served with a stack of Si!Ortega flat taco shells.	21
The sign outside said, 26 beers on tap, however the bartender was unable to pull a pint from any of them.	1
The sign outside said, 26 beers on tap, however the bartender was unable to pull a pint from any of them.	22
The sign outside said, 26 beers on tap, however the bartender was unable to pull a pint from any of them.	6
no need for reservation) you'd expect the crew to be alittle more attentive.	22
no need for reservation) you'd expect the crew to be alittle more attentive.	6
At one point I noticed the grime on the mustard bottle and asked the waitress for a clean one.	21
At one point I noticed the grime on the mustard bottle and asked the waitress for a clean one.	7
Superfine is my preferred destination in the city when I'm looking for a casual, hip atmosphere, extraordinary food at decent prices and/or just a place to get a good drink, chat with the bartender and shoot some (free) pool.	14
Superfine is my preferred destination in the city when I'm looking for a casual, hip atmosphere, extraordinary food at decent prices and/or just a place to get a good drink, chat with the bartender and shoot some (free) pool.	2
Superfine is my preferred destination in the city when I'm looking for a casual, hip atmosphere, extraordinary food at decent prices and/or just a place to get a good drink, chat with the bartender and shoot some (free) pool.	11
Superfine is my preferred destination in the city when I'm looking for a casual, hip atmosphere, extraordinary food at decent prices and/or just a place to get a good drink, chat with the bartender and shoot some (free) pool.	7
They have a lot of beautiful clientele, gay and straight, plus you#146;ll spot random famous actors on occasion.	2
They have a lot of beautiful clientele, gay and straight, plus you#146;ll spot random famous actors on occasion.	22
When spending upwards of $200 for dinner for two, I expect better service.	1
When spending upwards of $200 for dinner for two, I expect better service.	5
I left feeling unsatisfied, except for having a nice chance to people watch in the cozy atmosphere with my over-priced pasta bolognese.	14
I left feeling unsatisfied, except for having a nice chance to people watch in the cozy atmosphere with my over-priced pasta bolognese.	0
I had dinner with a few of my friends, and it was the best we've had in a long time.	2
I had dinner with a few of my friends, and it was the best we've had in a long time.	22
The crowd doesn't disappoint: A well-heeled, fashionable clientele packs the polished-wood-and-glass-partitioned space, settling into one of two dining rooms, or the bar, which is located at the farthest corner from the entrance.	23
The crowd doesn't disappoint: A well-heeled, fashionable clientele packs the polished-wood-and-glass-partitioned space, settling into one of two dining rooms, or the bar, which is located at the farthest corner from the entrance.	19
Their bagels have the perfect softness to them, but on the outside there's a bit of crispiness to give it a bit of texture.	2
Their bagels have the perfect softness to them, but on the outside there's a bit of crispiness to give it a bit of texture.	22
our appetizers came out relatively quickly, but it was near impossible to get a hold of a waiter to order and get our drinks.	2
our appetizers came out relatively quickly, but it was near impossible to get a hold of a waiter to order and get our drinks.	6
The food is average, however the service is way below average (our waiter was a stuttering fool when it came to the specials and left our drinks empty for the majority of the night) The atmostphere is cheesy as well as the crowd.	1
The food is average, however the service is way below average (our waiter was a stuttering fool when it came to the specials and left our drinks empty for the majority of the night) The atmostphere is cheesy as well as the crowd.	3
The food is average, however the service is way below average (our waiter was a stuttering fool when it came to the specials and left our drinks empty for the majority of the night) The atmostphere is cheesy as well as the crowd.	6
The food is average, however the service is way below average (our waiter was a stuttering fool when it came to the specials and left our drinks empty for the majority of the night) The atmostphere is cheesy as well as the crowd.	12
The food is average, however the service is way below average (our waiter was a stuttering fool when it came to the specials and left our drinks empty for the majority of the night) The atmostphere is cheesy as well as the crowd.	21
$25 prix fixe sounds like a good deal, but dinner was still $100 for two, the portions were small, and the ($35) wine, clearly where the money is made, mediocre.	10
$25 prix fixe sounds like a good deal, but dinner was still $100 for two, the portions were small, and the ($35) wine, clearly where the money is made, mediocre.	21
$25 prix fixe sounds like a good deal, but dinner was still $100 for two, the portions were small, and the ($35) wine, clearly where the money is made, mediocre.	0
The manager came out very defensively and insisted that it was a 2 lb lobster.	6
The manager came out very defensively and insisted that it was a 2 lb lobster.	1
Nice family place, nice atmosphere, but don't go there for pizza.	20
Nice family place, nice atmosphere, but don't go there for pizza.	14
Nice family place, nice atmosphere, but don't go there for pizza.	0
The host's explanation was they could not control when people finish dinner.	6
The host's explanation was they could not control when people finish dinner.	1
Service at the bar was fine, just as you would expect.	5
Service at the bar was fine, just as you would expect.	19
The bartender has a nasty attitude, and it took a party of two 1 1/2 hours to get seated while party after party of the hosts 'friends' were given seating immediately.	6
The bartender has a nasty attitude, and it took a party of two 1 1/2 hours to get seated while party after party of the hosts 'friends' were given seating immediately.	5
If you're going to label spicy items on your menu as spicy (like the Buffalo and Cajun wraps), I think you should go ahead and label all the spicy items as spicy.	16
If you're going to label spicy items on your menu as spicy (like the Buffalo and Cajun wraps), I think you should go ahead and label all the spicy items as spicy.	2
Our salads and appetizers were brought at the same time and we barely had time to enjoy them before a team of waiters whisked them (and our bread!)	1
Our salads and appetizers were brought at the same time and we barely had time to enjoy them before a team of waiters whisked them (and our bread!)	6
Mysteriously, the reserved tables all stayed empty throughout our meal and were still empty when we left an hour later.	21
Mysteriously, the reserved tables all stayed empty throughout our meal and were still empty when we left an hour later.	1
Our booth style seats would've been more romantic if our waitress, though nice, was less intrusive, and the loud music from its bar didn't filter thru so much.	2
Our booth style seats would've been more romantic if our waitress, though nice, was less intrusive, and the loud music from its bar didn't filter thru so much.	6
Our booth style seats would've been more romantic if our waitress, though nice, was less intrusive, and the loud music from its bar didn't filter thru so much.	19
My grandmother-in-law had a problem with her meal, and the manager AND chef came over and offered to replace it and/or take it off the check.	1
My grandmother-in-law had a problem with her meal, and the manager AND chef came over and offered to replace it and/or take it off the check.	8
I don't have much to say about the cafe itself; you can order out from the family-run cafe in the front, or take a seat in the back, which opens up to the outdoors and can offer a less seedy and more homey atmosphere.	21
I don't have much to say about the cafe itself; you can order out from the family-run cafe in the front, or take a seat in the back, which opens up to the outdoors and can offer a less seedy and more homey atmosphere.	14
Large portions of food to share.	23
Large portions of food to share.	1
During the summer the outdoor area is a great place to sit and eat you pizza.	20
During the summer the outdoor area is a great place to sit and eat you pizza.	1
From making the reservation (not required) to the before dinner drink (cava), to the table (romantic), to the the ambiance (candles, spanish antiques, etc) to the food of course (original, incredibly deep and rich in flavor) to our departure and saying goodnight to the waiter.	22
From making the reservation (not required) to the before dinner drink (cava), to the table (romantic), to the the ambiance (candles, spanish antiques, etc) to the food of course (original, incredibly deep and rich in flavor) to our departure and saying goodnight to the waiter.	14
From making the reservation (not required) to the before dinner drink (cava), to the table (romantic), to the the ambiance (candles, spanish antiques, etc) to the food of course (original, incredibly deep and rich in flavor) to our departure and saying goodnight to the waiter.	2
From making the reservation (not required) to the before dinner drink (cava), to the table (romantic), to the the ambiance (candles, spanish antiques, etc) to the food of course (original, incredibly deep and rich in flavor) to our departure and saying goodnight to the waiter.	7
Staples are available every which way--tacos hard and soft, wrapped in tortillas stuffed with guacamole, cheese or black beans; burritos of beef, breaded catfish, pork pipian and chipotle chicken; plus a choice of four sauces from mild to just plain stupid.	2
Staples are available every which way--tacos hard and soft, wrapped in tortillas stuffed with guacamole, cheese or black beans; burritos of beef, breaded catfish, pork pipian and chipotle chicken; plus a choice of four sauces from mild to just plain stupid.	22
If you can get a corner table you can see the entire room while eating in elegance.	22
If you can get a corner table you can see the entire room while eating in elegance.	20
After our waitress brought us menus took our drink orders, a diff hostess came over asked us to give up our table.	6
After our waitress brought us menus took our drink orders, a diff hostess came over asked us to give up our table.	1
After our waitress brought us menus took our drink orders, a diff hostess came over asked us to give up our table.	21
The waitstaff told us that they had already run out of one of the entrees (before 8 p.	6
The waitstaff told us that they had already run out of one of the entrees (before 8 p.	1
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	0
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	7
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	21
The waitstaff chatted at the bar amongst themselves and completely ignored us for the entire meal-- which took some work, as the place is small enough with the garden closed!	6
The waitstaff chatted at the bar amongst themselves and completely ignored us for the entire meal-- which took some work, as the place is small enough with the garden closed!	19
The noise level is equivalent to a sports bar.	12
The noise level is equivalent to a sports bar.	19
I am hoping the stale service was a one shot deal because it was deplorable for what we paid for dinner!	3
I am hoping the stale service was a one shot deal because it was deplorable for what we paid for dinner!	1
There are a few chefs who aren't very enthusiastic and not very theatrical, but the end product is always great food.	6
There are a few chefs who aren't very enthusiastic and not very theatrical, but the end product is always great food.	2
The crust was a crispy tan dream come true with those little blackened air bubbles and chewy center.	2
The crust was a crispy tan dream come true with those little blackened air bubbles and chewy center.	13
The waitress, host, and bus staff were sitting around at the bar while the patrons were all complaining about the service.	6
The waitress, host, and bus staff were sitting around at the bar while the patrons were all complaining about the service.	19
The waitress, host, and bus staff were sitting around at the bar while the patrons were all complaining about the service.	1
The waitress, host, and bus staff were sitting around at the bar while the patrons were all complaining about the service.	3
The menu options were not appealing, we had to beg the waiter to ask the chef if we could have just a plain dinner salad to start as their salad choices were not appetizing.	15
The menu options were not appealing, we had to beg the waiter to ask the chef if we could have just a plain dinner salad to start as their salad choices were not appetizing.	7
The menu options were not appealing, we had to beg the waiter to ask the chef if we could have just a plain dinner salad to start as their salad choices were not appetizing.	0
My only complaint is that the place is over crowded on weekends, but that's the price you pay for having such great food.	10
My only complaint is that the place is over crowded on weekends, but that's the price you pay for having such great food.	2
The Food In a health-conscious century, it's as likely to be the pub grub as it is the booze that does you in.	2
The Food In a health-conscious century, it's as likely to be the pub grub as it is the booze that does you in.	19
But the food here is excellant and there are just too many appetizers (in the traditional custom of Korean restaurants) to sample.	2
But the food here is excellant and there are just too many appetizers (in the traditional custom of Korean restaurants) to sample.	22
The smell near the bar is unbearable, the food is so so, nothing out of the norm, just very plan.	19
The smell near the bar is unbearable, the food is so so, nothing out of the norm, just very plan.	0
This happened while many diners were enjoying their meal and it was rudes.	10
This happened while many diners were enjoying their meal and it was rudes.	2
The food and wine selection is superb and the chef brings it all together each and every time.	2
The food and wine selection is superb and the chef brings it all together each and every time.	7
But even on New Years, when they were busy, the owners took the time out to visit our table frequently, even pouring us drinks herself from her own creations.	8
But even on New Years, when they were busy, the owners took the time out to visit our table frequently, even pouring us drinks herself from her own creations.	1
However the manager came over and aplogized and all drinks were on him.	8
However the manager came over and aplogized and all drinks were on him.	1
The service is excellent and always informative without an air.	5
The service is excellent and always informative without an air.	13
The service was horrendous, not only did the waiter take an hour to remember we ordered drinks, we were rushed to eat and get out so they could seat the next party.	3
The service was horrendous, not only did the waiter take an hour to remember we ordered drinks, we were rushed to eat and get out so they could seat the next party.	6
The service was horrendous, not only did the waiter take an hour to remember we ordered drinks, we were rushed to eat and get out so they could seat the next party.	1
A friendly staff works the room, delivering favorites like crisp, crackling spring rolls and shredded pork rolls wrapped in rice paper.	8
A friendly staff works the room, delivering favorites like crisp, crackling spring rolls and shredded pork rolls wrapped in rice paper.	19
A friendly staff works the room, delivering favorites like crisp, crackling spring rolls and shredded pork rolls wrapped in rice paper.	2
They gave us desert menus but never came back for a desert order, instead we had to ask for the check and a bus boy retreived it for us.	16
They gave us desert menus but never came back for a desert order, instead we had to ask for the check and a bus boy retreived it for us.	0
They gave us desert menus but never came back for a desert order, instead we had to ask for the check and a bus boy retreived it for us.	10
The hostess did offer free drinks to my party due to the wait, but we were more interested in eating after said long wait.	8
The hostess did offer free drinks to my party due to the wait, but we were more interested in eating after said long wait.	1
The french fries are soggy, the service is so/so and while it looks like a cute little homestyle cafe you'd find in SF, the food is below average.	4
The french fries are soggy, the service is so/so and while it looks like a cute little homestyle cafe you'd find in SF, the food is below average.	0
I had to wait 1hr since I got there around 8pm but you could have a few drinks by the bar since the ambiance is very loungy/ club like.	1
I had to wait 1hr since I got there around 8pm but you could have a few drinks by the bar since the ambiance is very loungy/ club like.	19
I had to wait 1hr since I got there around 8pm but you could have a few drinks by the bar since the ambiance is very loungy/ club like.	12
The portions were so big that after a cocktail drink we had no room left for desert.	23
The portions were so big that after a cocktail drink we had no room left for desert.	1
We sat way before 2 other tables ahead of us that rec'd their appetizers before us; the waiter neglected to apologize.	1
We sat way before 2 other tables ahead of us that rec'd their appetizers before us; the waiter neglected to apologize.	6
I also watched several other frustrated customers getting the wrong orders or trying to catch the waiter's attention (he was posing at the soda fountain).	6
I also watched several other frustrated customers getting the wrong orders or trying to catch the waiter's attention (he was posing at the soda fountain).	1
Our waiter ask us what kind of soufle we wanted and told us to get 2, making us believe that it was part of the pre-fixe, nope soufles are seperate and we were so full from dinner we could barely finish one.	6
Our waiter ask us what kind of soufle we wanted and told us to get 2, making us believe that it was part of the pre-fixe, nope soufles are seperate and we were so full from dinner we could barely finish one.	22
Our waiter ask us what kind of soufle we wanted and told us to get 2, making us believe that it was part of the pre-fixe, nope soufles are seperate and we were so full from dinner we could barely finish one.	1
The manager then comes over to the table and asks us to leave - to help him out because there were people waiting!	6
The manager then comes over to the table and asks us to leave - to help him out because there were people waiting!	4
The atmosphere was embracing and enticing and the costs of the meal, $45 to $55 in value.	14
The atmosphere was embracing and enticing and the costs of the meal, $45 to $55 in value.	10
After our initial order, the waitress wasn't very attentive (we had to wait 15 minutes at a time to get her attention to refill drinks, order desert, etc).	6
After our initial order, the waitress wasn't very attentive (we had to wait 15 minutes at a time to get her attention to refill drinks, order desert, etc).	1
The first time my husband and I went there, both the appetizer and entreee I ordered were not available, but we had a waitress who was really on top of things.	1
The first time my husband and I went there, both the appetizer and entreee I ordered were not available, but we had a waitress who was really on top of things.	8
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.	21
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.	1
The staff treated them like true royalty.	7
The staff treated them like true royalty.	5
Great when the band is playing, not so great when there's a large party at the bar.	8
Great when the band is playing, not so great when there's a large party at the bar.	19
The hamburger showed up long before the mussels, and the waiter suggested I start eating because he didnt want my food to get cold.	1
The hamburger showed up long before the mussels, and the waiter suggested I start eating because he didnt want my food to get cold.	8
B/c the dinner focused on good friends and good food, not waiting around for service or being bothered by rude staff to leave.	2
B/c the dinner focused on good friends and good food, not waiting around for service or being bothered by rude staff to leave.	4
B/c the dinner focused on good friends and good food, not waiting around for service or being bothered by rude staff to leave.	6
(Though the filet won't be enough if both have hearty apitites.	21
(Though the filet won't be enough if both have hearty apitites.	2
The prices were moderate for fine dining, and although the restaurant is relatively small, it was easy to have a quiet conversation even though the tables are fairly close together.	2
The prices were moderate for fine dining, and although the restaurant is relatively small, it was easy to have a quiet conversation even though the tables are fairly close together.	18
Our waiter was not attentive, we waited about 20 mins just to order drinks.	6
Our waiter was not attentive, we waited about 20 mins just to order drinks.	1
i ate here with a friend by default-- we were in the meatpacking district on a saturday night, every place in the area was pretty much booked, we were hungry, i only drink sake, and he was treating :).	18
i ate here with a friend by default-- we were in the meatpacking district on a saturday night, every place in the area was pretty much booked, we were hungry, i only drink sake, and he was treating :).	1
I planned a holiday dinner at Kurio and we ended up waiting two hours for the appetizers.	1
I planned a holiday dinner at Kurio and we ended up waiting two hours for the appetizers.	3
This was not the same hostess I usually see there who happens to be very sweet and provides excellent service.	7
This was not the same hostess I usually see there who happens to be very sweet and provides excellent service.	5
The place is packed, they don't take reservations and waited almost 2 hours.	18
The place is packed, they don't take reservations and waited almost 2 hours.	22
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.	2
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.	22
Serving things like Chicken Kiev with a garlic mashed potato egg roll for $$ with the snooty attitude to match!	1
Serving things like Chicken Kiev with a garlic mashed potato egg roll for $$ with the snooty attitude to match!	5
Blue Ribbon Sushi has far more than a cult following, packed daily from Noon till 3 AM, with hipsters, celebrities, Sashimi Lovers, and of course SOHO locals, it's breath taking menu, Superb Fare, Lengthy Sake List, and pro seating system have earned it a 5 STAR rating with The Sushi Times: 6 years running.	2
Blue Ribbon Sushi has far more than a cult following, packed daily from Noon till 3 AM, with hipsters, celebrities, Sashimi Lovers, and of course SOHO locals, it's breath taking menu, Superb Fare, Lengthy Sake List, and pro seating system have earned it a 5 STAR rating with The Sushi Times: 6 years running.	16
Blue Ribbon Sushi has far more than a cult following, packed daily from Noon till 3 AM, with hipsters, celebrities, Sashimi Lovers, and of course SOHO locals, it's breath taking menu, Superb Fare, Lengthy Sake List, and pro seating system have earned it a 5 STAR rating with The Sushi Times: 6 years running.	11
Park your trench coat at the coat check and be prepared for fine dining, expert / attentive table service and a delectable cuisine.	10
Park your trench coat at the coat check and be prepared for fine dining, expert / attentive table service and a delectable cuisine.	2
Park your trench coat at the coat check and be prepared for fine dining, expert / attentive table service and a delectable cuisine.	5
the service is so-so; our waiter told us there was a table for us, then took us back to the entrance , we then waited another fifteen minutes- confusion seems to reign.	3
the service is so-so; our waiter told us there was a table for us, then took us back to the entrance , we then waited another fifteen minutes- confusion seems to reign.	7
the service is so-so; our waiter told us there was a table for us, then took us back to the entrance , we then waited another fifteen minutes- confusion seems to reign.	22
Especially the manager or host who kept walking by and giving us the evil eye to see the progress of our dinner so they could turn the table over to other customers.	6
Especially the manager or host who kept walking by and giving us the evil eye to see the progress of our dinner so they could turn the table over to other customers.	1
Again, since I go out to dinner several times a week in NY, I am used to paying high prices and do not mind at all.	1
Again, since I go out to dinner several times a week in NY, I am used to paying high prices and do not mind at all.	9
Generally, the food was fine, but the table is too small to eat comfortably.	2
Generally, the food was fine, but the table is too small to eat comfortably.	21
Food presented well and the service once we were seated was great but we had a long wait for our table (about half an hour) even though I had pre-booked.	2
Food presented well and the service once we were seated was great but we had a long wait for our table (about half an hour) even though I had pre-booked.	3
we told our waiter to make five selections for each of us, and he decided instead to charge us for each glass separately instead ($80 instead of $20).	6
we told our waiter to make five selections for each of us, and he decided instead to charge us for each glass separately instead ($80 instead of $20).	22
OUr waiter was a little confused about how to serve champagne.	6
OUr waiter was a little confused about how to serve champagne.	1
I also do not think waiters there are rude- yes there are not friendly and chatty, but do provide great service.	6
I also do not think waiters there are rude- yes there are not friendly and chatty, but do provide great service.	5
Food is decent but portions so small that after 5 appetizers, 2 sides and three entrees, the three of us left still hungry!	21
Food is decent but portions so small that after 5 appetizers, 2 sides and three entrees, the three of us left still hungry!	1
When I requested a specific beer on the menu, the waiter said they were all out of that one and kept pushing the only available beer, which I didn't want.	16
When I requested a specific beer on the menu, the waiter said they were all out of that one and kept pushing the only available beer, which I didn't want.	6
Once dinner ended the party really started going inside they were playing great music.	1
Once dinner ended the party really started going inside they were playing great music.	14
Their delivery of fresh hot pizza.	4
Their delivery of fresh hot pizza.	2
i went on a thursday evening and the restaurant was pretty empty the server got our drinks wrong 3 times!	6
i went on a thursday evening and the restaurant was pretty empty the server got our drinks wrong 3 times!	1
Sushi pieces are smaller if u r a 'buffet' customer and choices are rather limited and there's really nothing special on the menu.	0
Sushi pieces are smaller if u r a 'buffet' customer and choices are rather limited and there's really nothing special on the menu.	21
Sushi pieces are smaller if u r a 'buffet' customer and choices are rather limited and there's really nothing special on the menu.	16
The bigger sin is the service --our waiter was late with our main dishes, late with the bill, which was totaled incorrectly (twice).	6
The bigger sin is the service --our waiter was late with our main dishes, late with the bill, which was totaled incorrectly (twice).	1
the manager said that they were just starting with a preview menu.	6
the manager said that they were just starting with a preview menu.	16
A huge Coca-Cola sign dominates the bar, and cute waiters whisk plates of 'cue across the dining room and to the sidewalk patio.	19
A huge Coca-Cola sign dominates the bar, and cute waiters whisk plates of 'cue across the dining room and to the sidewalk patio.	8
A huge Coca-Cola sign dominates the bar, and cute waiters whisk plates of 'cue across the dining room and to the sidewalk patio.	22
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.	14
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.	22
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.	2
Went to Brasserie for restaurant week dinner and maybe it was the menu but the food was very bland and it was something that I could have eatten at home.	0
Went to Brasserie for restaurant week dinner and maybe it was the menu but the food was very bland and it was something that I could have eatten at home.	16
I have never been treated more rudely than I was by the hostess and the manager of Public for brunch last Sunday; the hostess was arrogant, despicable, and mean to our party (reminder: she is a hostess in the service industry).	6
I have never been treated more rudely than I was by the hostess and the manager of Public for brunch last Sunday; the hostess was arrogant, despicable, and mean to our party (reminder: she is a hostess in the service industry).	1
I have never been treated more rudely than I was by the hostess and the manager of Public for brunch last Sunday; the hostess was arrogant, despicable, and mean to our party (reminder: she is a hostess in the service industry).	4
The Scene This storefront eatery is decked with colorful Mexican art and party kitsch, but it gets dim and moody enough in the evenings to suit a date.	23
The Scene This storefront eatery is decked with colorful Mexican art and party kitsch, but it gets dim and moody enough in the evenings to suit a date.	13
Zero decor, this is not a date place--just a great place to get a quick, tasty and cheap meal.	12
Zero decor, this is not a date place--just a great place to get a quick, tasty and cheap meal.	2
The place has a sort of trendy pseudo-asian decor that seems perfectly casual or romantic.	19
The place has a sort of trendy pseudo-asian decor that seems perfectly casual or romantic.	14
Besides the price, here are some other annoyances: bleaching the floors during the dinner and automatically charging you 20% gratuity on your credit card without your knowledge.	9
Besides the price, here are some other annoyances: bleaching the floors during the dinner and automatically charging you 20% gratuity on your credit card without your knowledge.	1
Hostess continued to ask us if everything was okay, and then did nothing when we gave her specific actions (how about some water or coffee served in paper cups).	6
Hostess continued to ask us if everything was okay, and then did nothing when we gave her specific actions (how about some water or coffee served in paper cups).	4
The Food Chef-owner Tom Valenti's food makes just as much noise; he cooks in a masculine, big-flavored, meat-and-potatoes style, rich with terrines, mustards, eggs and bitter greens.	12
The Food Chef-owner Tom Valenti's food makes just as much noise; he cooks in a masculine, big-flavored, meat-and-potatoes style, rich with terrines, mustards, eggs and bitter greens.	1
The service always ruins your food if it's poor.	3
The service always ruins your food if it's poor.	1
The staff didn't even tell us (college kids) about the prix-fixe special, but the pair of older adults sitting next to us took advantage.	6
The staff didn't even tell us (college kids) about the prix-fixe special, but the pair of older adults sitting next to us took advantage.	1
Place was empty, waitress was rude, told us that even though there were drink specials at the bar (2 for 1 margaritas), we couldn't have them at our table and we couldn't go up to the bar to get drinks.	18
Place was empty, waitress was rude, told us that even though there were drink specials at the bar (2 for 1 margaritas), we couldn't have them at our table and we couldn't go up to the bar to get drinks.	6
Place was empty, waitress was rude, told us that even though there were drink specials at the bar (2 for 1 margaritas), we couldn't have them at our table and we couldn't go up to the bar to get drinks.	1
After being treated like we were at Nobu by the hostess, our waitress brought us our check before we even asked for it and denied us a 2nd round of drinks because.	6
After being treated like we were at Nobu by the hostess, our waitress brought us our check before we even asked for it and denied us a 2nd round of drinks because.	1
Don't let the ambiance of this place fool you, the food is far better than many pricey establishments.	12
Don't let the ambiance of this place fool you, the food is far better than many pricey establishments.	2
However, our one and only complaint was when I received my drink I gave my coupon to our waiter, he returned minutes later to tell me that it could not be used in the dining room, only at the lounge or at the bar.	1
However, our one and only complaint was when I received my drink I gave my coupon to our waiter, he returned minutes later to tell me that it could not be used in the dining room, only at the lounge or at the bar.	6
However, our one and only complaint was when I received my drink I gave my coupon to our waiter, he returned minutes later to tell me that it could not be used in the dining room, only at the lounge or at the bar.	19
For lunch, walk in slightly after 1pm to avoid long lines.	1
For lunch, walk in slightly after 1pm to avoid long lines.	21
Even when the place has been packed with tables (I saw a party of 12 in there last time), the waiters and bartenders are still nice.	19
Even when the place has been packed with tables (I saw a party of 12 in there last time), the waiters and bartenders are still nice.	8
Long wait for our meal (approx 30 minutes), unusual slow service, waitresses (especially the preety one with black hair) louder thn clients, do not care much for customers.	1
Long wait for our meal (approx 30 minutes), unusual slow service, waitresses (especially the preety one with black hair) louder thn clients, do not care much for customers.	3
Long wait for our meal (approx 30 minutes), unusual slow service, waitresses (especially the preety one with black hair) louder thn clients, do not care much for customers.	6
the hostess is rude as can be, the waiters can't stop to check in, the busboys are flinging stuff on your table, and that's true even when the restaurant is half empty!	6
the hostess is rude as can be, the waiters can't stop to check in, the busboys are flinging stuff on your table, and that's true even when the restaurant is half empty!	22
We happen to walk by, read the menu posted outside they offered a nice selection ranging from citrus salmon, pan seared trout, chicken pot pie, sirlion steak, the fried calamari is out of this world they use a secret ingredient to their dipping sauce.	16
We happen to walk by, read the menu posted outside they offered a nice selection ranging from citrus salmon, pan seared trout, chicken pot pie, sirlion steak, the fried calamari is out of this world they use a secret ingredient to their dipping sauce.	23
We happen to walk by, read the menu posted outside they offered a nice selection ranging from citrus salmon, pan seared trout, chicken pot pie, sirlion steak, the fried calamari is out of this world they use a secret ingredient to their dipping sauce.	2
Noisy atmosphere makes the place even more fun, though it may become hard to get in after 5PM on Friday- almost every table would be reserved.	12
Noisy atmosphere makes the place even more fun, though it may become hard to get in after 5PM on Friday- almost every table would be reserved.	20
Additionally, one of the waiters found it necessary to walk around the restaurant, telling people how to eat their food.	8
Additionally, one of the waiters found it necessary to walk around the restaurant, telling people how to eat their food.	1
I have gotten warmer and much friendlier welcome and outstanding service at the other Thai restaurants in the Greenpoint area.	23
I have gotten warmer and much friendlier welcome and outstanding service at the other Thai restaurants in the Greenpoint area.	5
I have gotten warmer and much friendlier welcome and outstanding service at the other Thai restaurants in the Greenpoint area.	19
Lastly the waiters and bartender should learn to have argurments in private and not in front of customers.	6
Lastly the waiters and bartender should learn to have argurments in private and not in front of customers.	22
The food is not five star but the prices reflect that.	0
The food is not five star but the prices reflect that.	11
The price was right too--I spent under $30 for my entree and two drinks.	11
The price was right too--I spent under $30 for my entree and two drinks.	1
Obviously we did not get right service and nobody said soory for that and other restaurant guests who came after us got quicker dish than us.	3
Obviously we did not get right service and nobody said soory for that and other restaurant guests who came after us got quicker dish than us.	2
I won't even wait for an hour and a half when I don't have reservations, but the hostess and the pompous maitre d' just jerked me around and kept on promising me that I'd be the next to be seated.	22
I won't even wait for an hour and a half when I don't have reservations, but the hostess and the pompous maitre d' just jerked me around and kept on promising me that I'd be the next to be seated.	6
I won't even wait for an hour and a half when I don't have reservations, but the hostess and the pompous maitre d' just jerked me around and kept on promising me that I'd be the next to be seated.	0
at the end of the meal the hostess came to us and rudely ask us to leave the table, we were astonished by her attitude.	6
at the end of the meal the hostess came to us and rudely ask us to leave the table, we were astonished by her attitude.	22
Went to Chow Bar for dinner, I thought it was kind of pricey, but the food and the service was good - but it wasn't incredibly busy, so maybe they just had more free time to devote to us.	19
Went to Chow Bar for dinner, I thought it was kind of pricey, but the food and the service was good - but it wasn't incredibly busy, so maybe they just had more free time to devote to us.	2
What I don't get is asking a high rolling, forgiving of bad service, drink guzzling table like mine to leave as soon as we finished out last sip of $12 martinis and left a 25% tip.	3
What I don't get is asking a high rolling, forgiving of bad service, drink guzzling table like mine to leave as soon as we finished out last sip of $12 martinis and left a 25% tip.	1
I love the food here, and although it is pricey, the entree comes with rice, naan, dal, and salad, which makes it worthwhile.	2
I love the food here, and although it is pricey, the entree comes with rice, naan, dal, and salad, which makes it worthwhile.	22
our waiter spilled an entire glass of water on my brother and didn't so much as acknowledge it, let alone apologize.	6
our waiter spilled an entire glass of water on my brother and didn't so much as acknowledge it, let alone apologize.	1
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.	8
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.	19
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.	1
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.	16
My friends and I had a great time - the atmosphere was exciting but didn't encroach on us while we had our meal and drinks (which is better, the kiwitini or the watermelon martini?)	14
My friends and I had a great time - the atmosphere was exciting but didn't encroach on us while we had our meal and drinks (which is better, the kiwitini or the watermelon martini?)	1
If you like an ecclectic crowd and an overall good time where you and your friends can get together whether it be to eat, drink or just play some good old pictionary (they provide crayons and a blank white sheet at every table), go to the Cargo!	23
If you like an ecclectic crowd and an overall good time where you and your friends can get together whether it be to eat, drink or just play some good old pictionary (they provide crayons and a blank white sheet at every table), go to the Cargo!	1
the food at pongal is average, the rava masala dosa is much better at madras mahal (a few doors down) and certainly the service at pongal is the worst among the indian restaurants along that block.	2
the food at pongal is average, the rava masala dosa is much better at madras mahal (a few doors down) and certainly the service at pongal is the worst among the indian restaurants along that block.	3
Instead, the chef made me a special creation off the menu, and wow.	8
Instead, the chef made me a special creation off the menu, and wow.	16
I followed my handsome waiter's suggestions for everything from my cranapple martini, BBQ duck tostada appetizer and rum-glazed pork tenerloin entree to the scandalously good brownie sundae.	8
I followed my handsome waiter's suggestions for everything from my cranapple martini, BBQ duck tostada appetizer and rum-glazed pork tenerloin entree to the scandalously good brownie sundae.	1
As expected, the wine list is as thoughtful as the menu the staff has earned my trust with their bullet-proof recommendations I have yet to be disappointed from their exhaustive list.	2
As expected, the wine list is as thoughtful as the menu the staff has earned my trust with their bullet-proof recommendations I have yet to be disappointed from their exhaustive list.	16
As expected, the wine list is as thoughtful as the menu the staff has earned my trust with their bullet-proof recommendations I have yet to be disappointed from their exhaustive list.	8
Much to my satisfaction, I was seated promptly without a reservation and soon after being seated was greeted by my server.	22
Much to my satisfaction, I was seated promptly without a reservation and soon after being seated was greeted by my server.	8
before we could say anything, one waiter picked it up while another brought a knife to our table on a platter.	6
before we could say anything, one waiter picked it up while another brought a knife to our table on a platter.	22
There was no price on the menu and the waitress recommended it.	10
There was no price on the menu and the waitress recommended it.	16
There was no price on the menu and the waitress recommended it.	8
The ambiance and service is great but I wish I could say the same about the food.	14
The ambiance and service is great but I wish I could say the same about the food.	5
The ambiance and service is great but I wish I could say the same about the food.	0
Then we were led downstairs to the main room, and were seated at the huge communal dining room table.	4
Then we were led downstairs to the main room, and were seated at the huge communal dining room table.	20
The food is just ok, not at all worth having to put up with the disgusting staff, the manager/owner in particular.	2
The food is just ok, not at all worth having to put up with the disgusting staff, the manager/owner in particular.	6
Our waiter never once asked how everything was, as I suspect he knew the kitchen was producing seriously average food.	6
Our waiter never once asked how everything was, as I suspect he knew the kitchen was producing seriously average food.	19
Our waiter never once asked how everything was, as I suspect he knew the kitchen was producing seriously average food.	0
The prices did not reflect the quality of the meal.	9
The prices did not reflect the quality of the meal.	1
We were crammed next to the people who were seated to the right of us, who repeatedly took phone calls during dinner, while the rude wait staff did nothing despite the warning on the menu that cell phones were not to be used in the dining room.	1
We were crammed next to the people who were seated to the right of us, who repeatedly took phone calls during dinner, while the rude wait staff did nothing despite the warning on the menu that cell phones were not to be used in the dining room.	6
We were crammed next to the people who were seated to the right of us, who repeatedly took phone calls during dinner, while the rude wait staff did nothing despite the warning on the menu that cell phones were not to be used in the dining room.	16
We were crammed next to the people who were seated to the right of us, who repeatedly took phone calls during dinner, while the rude wait staff did nothing despite the warning on the menu that cell phones were not to be used in the dining room.	19
The Food The daily-changing menu, scrawled on large dry-erase boards, offers a blend of haute cuisine and Texas roadhouse fare.	2
The Food The daily-changing menu, scrawled on large dry-erase boards, offers a blend of haute cuisine and Texas roadhouse fare.	16
The Food The daily-changing menu, scrawled on large dry-erase boards, offers a blend of haute cuisine and Texas roadhouse fare.	11
Although we had to wait a few minutes for our table, the manager bought us a round of drinks and proceeded to take care of throughout the entire meal.	22
Although we had to wait a few minutes for our table, the manager bought us a round of drinks and proceeded to take care of throughout the entire meal.	8
Although we had to wait a few minutes for our table, the manager bought us a round of drinks and proceeded to take care of throughout the entire meal.	1
we walked in to the resturant, squeezed by our (to be) waiter (who ignored us and didnt step to the side), and straight up to the host (he was busy talking to the bar tender).	6
we walked in to the resturant, squeezed by our (to be) waiter (who ignored us and didnt step to the side), and straight up to the host (he was busy talking to the bar tender).	19
The Food When the counter guy asks, Would you like better fries with that?	2
The Food When the counter guy asks, Would you like better fries with that?	19
The menu is informatively presented with facts about the ingredients, and is divided into Starting and Sharing plates, which allows one to sample a few items during the meal.	17
The menu is informatively presented with facts about the ingredients, and is divided into Starting and Sharing plates, which allows one to sample a few items during the meal.	13
My wife and I invited our friends to a late dinner and were having drinks afterwards when the manager instructed the waitress not to serve us any more drinks as it was bottle service.	1
My wife and I invited our friends to a late dinner and were having drinks afterwards when the manager instructed the waitress not to serve us any more drinks as it was bottle service.	6
I am not sure if this was just an off night or what, our waiter forgot wine, brought us desert menus before dinner came, then brought us the wrong dinner.	6
I am not sure if this was just an off night or what, our waiter forgot wine, brought us desert menus before dinner came, then brought us the wrong dinner.	1
I am not sure if this was just an off night or what, our waiter forgot wine, brought us desert menus before dinner came, then brought us the wrong dinner.	16
Generous portions on the entrees.	23
Generous portions on the entrees.	1
We asked for the manager who told us that it was their first time serving brunch, to be patient and that our bill would be discounted.	8
We asked for the manager who told us that it was their first time serving brunch, to be patient and that our bill would be discounted.	1
The rude and unaccomodating hostess (who we later learned was the manager) repeatedly promised us the next table but never offered to buy us a drink while we waited.	6
The rude and unaccomodating hostess (who we later learned was the manager) repeatedly promised us the next table but never offered to buy us a drink while we waited.	1
Everyone around me was eating stuff that wasn't on the menu and looked tastier, but the waitress didn't bother to suggest any of these things, even when asked for suggestions.	16
Everyone around me was eating stuff that wasn't on the menu and looked tastier, but the waitress didn't bother to suggest any of these things, even when asked for suggestions.	6
The waiter asked us several times after dinner whether we had paid our bill yet, and after we had, he came over to make sure that we hadn't just hidden it from him or something.	6
The waiter asked us several times after dinner whether we had paid our bill yet, and after we had, he came over to make sure that we hadn't just hidden it from him or something.	1
The waiter asked us several times after dinner whether we had paid our bill yet, and after we had, he came over to make sure that we hadn't just hidden it from him or something.	10
After asking the waiter for a few minutes to look over the menu, we had to call out several times over 15 minutes to get him to come back to our table.	6
After asking the waiter for a few minutes to look over the menu, we had to call out several times over 15 minutes to get him to come back to our table.	16
After asking the waiter for a few minutes to look over the menu, we had to call out several times over 15 minutes to get him to come back to our table.	22
Not a destination restaurant, but if you're hungry for breakfast or lunch, big portions and good quality for the money.	1
Not a destination restaurant, but if you're hungry for breakfast or lunch, big portions and good quality for the money.	23
Good wines under $100 are included in the predominantly French list, but take some ferreting out to find.	2
Good wines under $100 are included in the predominantly French list, but take some ferreting out to find.	22
anyway, nice place for brunch for selection under $20 meals desserts were great (3 flavors for creme brulee!!	20
anyway, nice place for brunch for selection under $20 meals desserts were great (3 flavors for creme brulee!!	2
anyway, nice place for brunch for selection under $20 meals desserts were great (3 flavors for creme brulee!!	22
anyway, nice place for brunch for selection under $20 meals desserts were great (3 flavors for creme brulee!!	13
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix: Appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion.	2
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix: Appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion.	6
The Food Nothing makes for better bar snacks than this down-home Southern menu.	1
The Food Nothing makes for better bar snacks than this down-home Southern menu.	20
After spending about 2 hours in the restaurant our waiter decided to call it a night without even asking if we wanted dessert.	6
After spending about 2 hours in the restaurant our waiter decided to call it a night without even asking if we wanted dessert.	1
Half the menu is comprised of original creations while the other half consists of unique slants on orthodox cuisine such as the single super-sized gnocchi with cinammon.	16
Half the menu is comprised of original creations while the other half consists of unique slants on orthodox cuisine such as the single super-sized gnocchi with cinammon.	2
Not only did we have to flag the waiter down every time for every course or request, but they spilled our drinks twice all over the table - and once was hot tea.	6
Not only did we have to flag the waiter down every time for every course or request, but they spilled our drinks twice all over the table - and once was hot tea.	1
Second, the value was great; after ordering a ton of food and several drinks, the bill still came to less than $40 a person (though I suspect that the nice manager might have given us a few freebees!	23
Second, the value was great; after ordering a ton of food and several drinks, the bill still came to less than $40 a person (though I suspect that the nice manager might have given us a few freebees!	2
Second, the value was great; after ordering a ton of food and several drinks, the bill still came to less than $40 a person (though I suspect that the nice manager might have given us a few freebees!	10
We arrived about 15 minutes late for a Friday 12:30 reservation, but the staff couldn't have been nicer.	22
We arrived about 15 minutes late for a Friday 12:30 reservation, but the staff couldn't have been nicer.	6
I have eaten here for nearly three years, with firends with family, the service is great attentive and informed, perfect for Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays.	22
I have eaten here for nearly three years, with firends with family, the service is great attentive and informed, perfect for Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays.	5
After reading the negative sushi reviews, my boyfriend and I opted for their Korean fare.	0
After reading the negative sushi reviews, my boyfriend and I opted for their Korean fare.	10
After dinner I walked over to the cheese counter -after having been greeted by a rude server, I was shocked to see how dissapointing their cheese selection was: it is miniscule, many of the fresh chevre cheese were more than ready to be tossed, etc.	1
After dinner I walked over to the cheese counter -after having been greeted by a rude server, I was shocked to see how dissapointing their cheese selection was: it is miniscule, many of the fresh chevre cheese were more than ready to be tossed, etc.	22
After dinner I walked over to the cheese counter -after having been greeted by a rude server, I was shocked to see how dissapointing their cheese selection was: it is miniscule, many of the fresh chevre cheese were more than ready to be tossed, etc.	6
The waitresses are at your table filling your water or oil before your last sip or dip.	8
The waitresses are at your table filling your water or oil before your last sip or dip.	1
The first time, the food was decent for lunch, but remember mediocre service.	1
The first time, the food was decent for lunch, but remember mediocre service.	3
We walked out the door with only a drink in each of us and the bill was still over $100.	1
We walked out the door with only a drink in each of us and the bill was still over $100.	9
It took us 20 minutes to get a check, despite many attempts at meaningful eye contact with the wait staff.	10
It took us 20 minutes to get a check, despite many attempts at meaningful eye contact with the wait staff.	6
The pancakes were good, but don't have blueberry pancakes on the menu of you are not able to produce more than three tiny blueberries in each pancake.	0
The pancakes were good, but don't have blueberry pancakes on the menu of you are not able to produce more than three tiny blueberries in each pancake.	16
Our waiter disappeared entirely, our food, when we were finally able to order it, arrived without plates (we had to go and track down a busboy to get them), and when we were finished, we couldn't get the check, even after walking across the restaurant to request it.	6
Our waiter disappeared entirely, our food, when we were finally able to order it, arrived without plates (we had to go and track down a busboy to get them), and when we were finished, we couldn't get the check, even after walking across the restaurant to request it.	1
Our waiter disappeared entirely, our food, when we were finally able to order it, arrived without plates (we had to go and track down a busboy to get them), and when we were finished, we couldn't get the check, even after walking across the restaurant to request it.	22
Our waiter disappeared entirely, our food, when we were finally able to order it, arrived without plates (we had to go and track down a busboy to get them), and when we were finished, we couldn't get the check, even after walking across the restaurant to request it.	10
90 for a porterhouse steak for 2 (ordered medium-rare, delivered well-done, dry and tasteless) and I'm not even full.	1
90 for a porterhouse steak for 2 (ordered medium-rare, delivered well-done, dry and tasteless) and I'm not even full.	5
The food was good but our waiters were pushy,rude and dumb.	2
The food was good but our waiters were pushy,rude and dumb.	6
